November 14, 2022 |
31489 view(s) |
73 people thought this was helpful
Polls in Slido
Hosts can use live polls with Slido to engage participants during a meeting or webinar. Find out what you can do with polls as a host or participant.
Slido is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. You can use Slido in Webex Meetings on version 41.6 and later sites, and in Webex Webinars on version 41.9 and later sites. Slido polls and Q&A in webinars are available for up to 10,000 attendees, while quizzes are available for up to 5,000 participants.
You can also create polls in webinars from the Polling panel, similar to Webex Meetings, even if Slido is not available in your webinar. For more information about polls that do not use Slido, see Start a poll in Webex Meetings or Webex Webinars.
Polls are a great way for meeting or webinar hosts to get input from participants. Use them to engage your audience, test knowledge, and ask for feedback.
As a meeting or webinar host, create and launch polls directly from Meetings by clicking Apps > Slido.
If you want to create polls before the meeting or webinar, add a guest collaborator to help you create and run the polls, go to https://www.slido.com, click Log In > Log in with Webex, and enter your Webex username and password.
During the meeting or webinar, the host or guest collaborator can activate polls. Participants can view and answer the questions.
There are a few different types of polls hosts can create, including single poll questions, quizzes, and surveys.
Hosts
Here are the tasks you can perform as a host:
Create a poll
Create a survey
Edit a poll
Activate a poll or activate a quiz
View poll results during a meeting
Reset a poll
Export and share poll results after a meeting
Delete a poll
In case you only want to use the Q&A during your meeting or webinar, you can turn off polls. Go to https://www.slido.com, click Log In > Log in with Webex.
Participants
Here is the task you can perform as a participant:
Answer a poll
Known issues and limitations
Learn about known issues and limitations for Slido in Meetings.