January 04, 2023 |
15694 view(s) |
30 people thought this was helpful
Manage discovery of nearby Webex devices
You can use Control Hub to manage how the Webex App discovers Webex devices. The app can use ultrasound or Wi-Fi to find devices so users can pair with them for meetings or sharing their screen.
What users see
The settings you choose in this article control what users can see in the Devices page of their Webex App settings. They may be able to choose Using microphone for device detection (if you enable ultrasound discovery) and they may be able to choose Use Wi-Fi network to discover nearby devices (if you enable Wi-Fi discovery).
Users should read Connect to a Webex App device and Stop automatically connecting to a Webex device.
About ultrasound-based device discovery
Webex devices emit ultrasound signals that the Webex App can hear through your computer's microphone. This enables the app to connect to the nearest device. When this feature is enabled for your organization, users can individually choose whether to use it.
You can choose from the following ultrasound discovery behaviors for your organization:
Table 1. Ultrasound-based discovery behavior and controls
Desired behavior
Use these settings
User can override?
Auto-connect on all Webex Apps (listen for ultrasound is on by default)
Allow ultrasound to connect to devices is on
Automatically connect to the nearest device for users is checked
Yes (user can disable auto-connection)
Auto-connect optional (listen for ultrasound is off by default)
Allow ultrasound to connect to devices is on
Automatically connect to the nearest device for users is cleared
Yes (user can enable auto-connection)
Auto-connect disabled (listen for ultrasound is always off)
Allow ultrasound to connect to devices is off
(There is no checkbox for automatically connect)
No (user must always manually connect)
About Wi-Fi based device discovery
When Wi-Fi-based device discovery is enabled in the Control Hub, you're giving us consent to collect certain non-personal information about your Wi-Fi environment, not your users. Every time your users connect to a paired device in Webex App using an ultrasound connection, information about WLAN proximity data is collected in the cloud. Service set identifiers (SSIDs) and basic SSIDs (BSSIDs) are used to identify the visible WLANs, store them in this database in the cloud, and later match them in the search matching operation. The WLANs are one-way hashed before transmitting so the server side can never read the human-readable SSID or MAC address.
When users choose to Connect to a device in Webex App, the app detects the presence of Webex devices as the users move about. That information gets uploaded to this database in the cloud. The Proximity Service finds up to 5 devices that are nearby by comparing the app's current WLAN environment to these stored observations. Users no longer have to manually search for devices to connect to.

The list of devices that are within range is dynamic and updates based on a user's location.
We encrypt the following information and only use it to suggest available devices to users for automatic connection:
In-range Wi-Fi network
Wi-Fi access points
Signal strength of the access points at the time of pairing
The above information is updated daily by devices and when Webex App connects using ultrasound discovery.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com.
2
Go to Devices and click Settings. Find the Device Discovery controls.
3
Enable or disable Enable devices suggestions based on Wi-Fi connectivity.
This option is on by default.
4
Go to Organization Settings and find the Discover Webex devices controls.
5
Enable or disable Allow ultrasound to connect to devices.
This option is on by default.
If you enable ultrasound, you can also choose whether Webex App automatically connects to the nearest device. If you disable ultrasound, the Webex App can't automatically connect to devices (and there is no checkbox to override this behavior in Control Hub or the Webex App).
6
(Optional) Check or clear Automatically connect to the nearest device for users.
(You don't see this checkbox unless you enabled ultrasound pairing.)