January 20, 2023 |
15275 view(s) |
155 people thought this was helpful
Change breakout session settings
As a host or cohost, you can choose to have all breakout sessions end automatically, after a specified number of minutes. You can have attendees join the sessions automatically, when the sessions start, or allow them to join themselves. You can also set a particular breakout session, or all breakout sessions, to allow any user to join without having to be assigned by the host or cohost.
This feature is supported on Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. On Webex App, this feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
Make sure that you change the settings before the breakout sessions start. You can't change the settings after the sessions have started.
Desktop
iOS
In webinars, hosts and cohosts can assign panelists to breakout sessions before they start, but they cannot assign attendees. Once breakout sessions have started, attendees can choose which breakout session they want to join.
1
If the Breakout session assignment dialog box isn't already open, click Breakout sessions to open it.

  Only one host or cohost can have the Breakout session assignment dialog box open at a time.
2
Click Settings.
3
For meetings only, in Allow attendees to return to the main meeting, check this setting if you want to allow attendees to be able to leave the breakout sessions and return to the main meeting at any time.
Uncheck this setting if you want attendees to remain in the breakout session until the breakout sessions end or you ask all to return.

  This setting is not available in webinars.
4
For Allow attendees to join session later, check this setting if you want attendees to receive a message that they've been invited to a breakout session but allow them to join the session on their own.
Uncheck this setting if you want attendees to be moved automatically into the breakout sessions after the sessions start.

  This setting is not available in webinars.
5
For Automatically end breakout sessions after, check this setting if you want breakout sessions to end automatically after a specified time. Enter the duration in minutes. Otherwise, you must end all breakout sessions manually.
6
For When sessions end, give participants more time before returning to main meeting, check this setting if you want to give attendees some time to wrap up before the breakout sessions end. Select the countdown timer duration.
Uncheck this setting if you want the breakout sessions to end and attendees to return to the main meeting or webinar immediately after you end all breakout sessions.