June 09, 2023 |
78 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Set Up Integration Connectors for Contact Center Enterprise Solutions
Use this article to set up and manage integration connectors for Webex Contact Center.
Availability of Connectors in Contact Center Enterprise Solutions
Webex Contact Center Enterprise (Webex CCE) platform supports Google CCAI connector.
Cisco Unified Contact Center Enterprise (Unified CCE) platform supports Google CCAI connector.
Cisco Packaged Contact Center Enterprise (Packaged CCE) platform supports Google CCAI connector.
Configure a Connector
Google Contact Center AI
The Google Contact Center AI (Google CCAI) connector helps your organization establish a trust relationship between your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) account and the Cisco product to use Google services.

Ensure that you disable the pop-up blocker on the browser before configuring a connector.
Before you begin
Create the GCP Project ID and agent application with your relevant account.
For more information about creating a GCP Project ID, see the documentation at https://Dialogflow.cloud.google.com/cx/projects.
For more information about creating a Dialogflow agent, see the documentation at https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/cx/docs/quick/build-agent.
Place the Contact Center Order on Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW). For more information, see the Ordering Guide for your contact center solution on the Cisco Collaboration Ordering Guides page.
The A2Q process will be initiated as part of the order process to ensure the overall solution is eligible to support CCAI services.
During the A2Q process, the CCAI provisioning form will be shared on the customer’s email address to be filled at https://app.smartsheet.com/b/form/5c705d899adf412692d74e0b2f16e810. This step is required to map the GCP Project ID with Cisco’s service account. Also, GCP project ID credentials are validated in the backend before further mappings take place.
Share the project ID and the email address (used to sign in and create GCP Project) with a Cisco representative to create a primary Service Account for billing and enabling all Cisco-entitled AI services for the account.
This completes the allow-listing process for billing and an email is sent to the customer with the subject CCAI Onboarding Provision Status Update which includes the updated GCP credentials to use for onboarding purposes.
Complete the Assessment to Quality (A2Q) process for Contact Center AI (CCAI) and procure Cisco subscription Flex SKU.
As part of Order completion, if Org is not available, credentials to set up the customer organization for your Contact Center solution will be provided.
Set up the customer organization for your Contact Center solution.
1
Log in to your customer organization at https://admin.webex.com and navigate to Services > Contact Center > Connectors.
2
On the Google Contact Center AI card, click Set Up or Add More.
A new tab opens on the browser.
3
Click Sign In with Google to authenticate with Google to access the Google Cloud Platform.
A Google Cloud Sign-in dialog box appears.
4
Sign in to Google with the same ID that you used to create the Google CCAI project.
5
Grant permissions to view and manage your data.
On successful sign-in, a confirmation message appears.
6
On the Google Contact Center AI page, enter a name that identifies the purpose of your connector.
7
Choose GCP Project from the drop-down list that you created on the Google Cloud Platform.
8
Choose a GCP project name from the Cisco-Provided Project Name drop-down list. You must have received the project name in an email notification.
9
Choose Cisco-provided Service Account from the drop-down list. You must have received the service account details in an email notification.
10
Click Save.
11
Click Refresh to view the new connector on the Google Contact Center AI card.
What to do next
Create a Contact Center AI configuration on the Features tab. For more information, see the article Create a Contact Center AI configuration.
Edit a Connector
1
Log in to your customer organization at https://admin.webex.com and navigate to Services > Contact Center > Connectors.
2
Click the connector name that appears on the card.

  To refresh the Google Contact Center AI connector authentication key, click Refresh Key and reauthenticate with Google. Ensure that you disable the Pop-up Blocker on your browser.
3
You must first deactivate a connector before you can edit fields in the Credentials section. Click Deactivate and confirm.

  When you deactivate a connector, the scripts that are currently in execution may work for some time if the credentials are valid.
After you deactivate a connector, you can either reactivate, edit, or delete the connector.
Edit the fields as required and click Reactivate.

  You cannot modify the Connector ID.
You must reauthenticate the Google Contact Center AI connector with Google.
Click Delete to delete the connector.

  You cannot delete the Google Contact Center AI connector if there is a CCAI Config associated with it.