January 20, 2023 |
17594 view(s) |
161 people thought this was helpful
Get Started with the Cisco Headset 500 Series
The Cisco Headset 500 Series is a line of wired and wireless headsets optimized for Cisco IP Phones, Jabber, and Cisco Webex.
The Cisco Headset 500 Series is a series of headsets offering a range of optimized integrations with Cisco IP Phones, Webex, Webex Devices, and other calling solutions.
The Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series are a set of wired headsets with an integrated in-line USB controller. The 530 Series is also available with an RJ-9 connector for integration with Cisco IP Phones.
The Cisco Headset 560 Series is a pair of wireless headsets that utilize DECT technology for a secure wireless connection.
520 Series
530 Series
560 Series
Cisco Headset 521 and 522 are wired headsets that have been developed for use on Cisco IP phones and devices. The Cisco Headset 521 features a single earpiece for extended wear and comfort while the Cisco Headset 522 features two earpieces for use in a noisy workplace.
Both headsets feature a 3.5 mm connector for use on personal computers and mobile devices. With the 3.5 mm connector, the headset works like other headsets that plug into audio jacks.
The headsets also come with an inline USB controller that provides easy access to call control capabilities, including answer, end call, reject call, hold and resume, mute, and volume control. The inline controller is also available with a USB-C connector.
If you have headset firmware release 2.3(1) or later, you can maintain call control through your Cisco Headset 520 Series when you switch between soft clients. For example, you can mute a call on the Webex app (version 41.8 or later) and answer an incoming Cisco Jabber call (version 14.1 or later) through the Jabber UI. Once the Jabber call is complete, you can resume your Webex call and retain call control through your headset.
For more information on multi-app control, see Cisco Headset Multi-app Feature.
See the Cisco Headset Compatibility Guide for complete information on compatibility with other Cisco devices and call clients.
Your controller buttons are used for basic call features.
Figure 1: Cisco Headset 520 Series Controller
Table 1. Cisco Headset 520 Series Controller Buttons
Number
Name
Description
1
Mute button
Toggle the microphone on and off.
2
Volume button
Adjust the volume on your headset.
3
Call
Manage calls:
Press once to place a call (Cisco IP phone only)
Press once to answer an incoming call.
Press and hold to end a call.
Press twice to reject an incoming call.
Press once to put an active call on hold. Press again to retrieve a call from hold.