February 02, 2022 |
157339 view(s) |
4616 people thought this was helpful
Webex Learning and Enablement
Visit GoLearn.webex.com for live and self-paced courses to start learning about all things Webex. Whether you're a Webex user, IT admin, or a partner, we've got everything you need to get started.
Meet the new golearn.webex.com
We've refreshed the golearn.webex.com site and can't wait to share what's new with you. Check it out!
A better experience
When you navigate to the GoLearn homepage, you'll notice a fresh look and feel, incuding a new color palette and better functionality.
When you first visit golearn.webex.com, you'll see an optional dialogue box that allows established users to sign in immediately. If you want to browse public courses, you can close the sign-in box.
We redesigned the site to make it easy for users to browse top courses and access quick tutorials for the most-requested tasks and features. The most popular and newly released courses will be updated frequently to highlight new offerings.
If you want to browse GoLearn's complete catalog or enroll in courses, you'll need to sign in. Once you've signed in, you can enroll in live or self-paced tracks to dive into the world of Webex. Whether you're a Webex user, IT admin, or a partner, we've got everything you need to start learning.
Video tutorials
We created a video tutorial page that anyone can access without signing in. You'll be able to view quick 3-5 minute video tutorials (with even more on the way). If you're signed in, you can click Video Tutorials at the top of the Courses page that highlights skills from relevant courses on that page.
Public courses organized by user type
Once you sign in to golearn.webex.com, you can select the course catalog based on your specific needs—to use Webex, learn about the Ambassadors Program or Webex administration.
Access to GoLearn support
You'll find new support links at the bottom of each page on golearn.webex.com that link directly to a support form.
Let's get started!
Head on over to the new and improved golearn.webex.com to get started today. Click to log in with your credentials or register. Joining on a mobile device? You'll be guided to download the GoLearn app. Once it downloads, open the app and enter golearn.webex.com as the Platform URL.