November 03, 2021 |
22534 view(s) |
152 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Manage Your Teams and Projects
Now that you've learned the basics of using Webex App, you're ready to start creating spaces and teams to help your teams work together more effectively. Learn about the differences between spaces and teams and some tips for organizing your teams.
When your team starts working in Webex App, you should take time to think about how best to structure your teams and spaces. If you take a systematic approach, you'll likely find it easier to control your workflow and better support your team. You can establish common processes, make decisions, build common knowledge, and facilitate your team culture.
Follow Your Company's Guidelines
Your company might already have specific guidelines that you should follow when creating spaces or teams. For example, managers might be expected to have a space dedicated to their direct reports, or an entire technology group might have a team that everyone gets added to automatically. So, if you're in a position to create new spaces and teams for your co-workers to work together, check first for your company's guidelines. Since most people will be working in multiple spaces and teams at a time, following similar guidelines makes it easier for everyone.
Start with Spaces
A space is where all the action takes place in Webex App. It's where you send messages, share files, schedule meetings, make calls, and so on. You can have several types of spaces : one with just one other person, one with lots of people, and one that's part of a larger team. When you message someone directly , you're creating a space just between the two of you, and no one else can join that conversation. If you need to communicate with more people about a specific topic, you can create a space where you can all work together. If your scope expands from that space's original intention, you might need to create a team and move the space into a team .
Build Your Teams
You'll generally create teams for one of two reasons—if you have a specific communication structure in mind for a large project or group of people, or if you've grown out of a space that you've created. Teams are simply a collection of related spaces. They're great for a consistent group of people who are going to be working on something for a long time. That something might be complicated and involve a lot of activities or subprojects happening at the same time. You can create a different space for each piece of the puzzle.
Let's say you manage a team of about 10 people in the Finance department of a large company. Once your team is using the app, you can create a team called "Finance." When you create a team, you become its moderator , and everyone you add is a team member. They'll be automatically added to the team's General , which is the default space, and the only one that your team members get added to automatically.
Organize Your Teams
Consider using the General space for announcements where you can share important information as read-only messages. Only team moderators will be able to post to the space, and you'll prevent losing these important messages in the ongoing discussions happening in the other team spaces.
How you structure your team is the key to your team's success. Anyone on the team can add spaces to the team as a way of sharing their knowledge. Everyone on the team can see the available team spaces and join them on their own. If you want your team to follow guidelines when creating team spaces, be sure to let them know.
Moderate Team Spaces
When you moderate a space in a team, you control which spaces are available and who belongs to them. This gives you control over who sees the content in the space. This is useful, for example, when you are a moderator providing sensitive or confidential information to a targeted group of people. You can block this sensitive information from other people in your team who don't have the required permissions.
When you create a team, you're a Team Moderator, and you control the spaces and members of your team.
Team moderators can also assign themselves as moderators to any moderated spaces in their teams. Team moderators can self-join any space, and promote themselves to moderate that space. They can also assign other space moderators, who must be members of the team.
Anyone on the team can create a team space and can choose to moderate the space. They then become the moderator of that space. Other team members can't self-join and need to ask the moderator to join.
Add More Moderators
You can also assign other moderators to the team to help keep the team members list up to date, or to update the team details. Moderators can help make sure that the spaces in your team are all active by archiving spaces that you aren't using, or restoring any that you need again. They can also remove people from the team who aren't working on it anymore.
Finally, when everybody's work has moved on to new projects, you can archive your team and get ready to create your next team!