June 24, 2022 |
14954 view(s) |
44 people thought this was helpful
Connect your mobile device to a video device using Webex Meetings
You can instantly connect your mobile device with a Webex cloud-registered or on-premises video device by using the Meetings mobile app.
iOS
Android
Enable or Disable Automatic Detection of Nearby Video Devices
By default, your app automatically tries to discover and connect with nearby video devices. You can change this setting so that you have to manually connect to a device every time.
You can change these settings by going to Settings > Device, and then tap Discover Devices to enable or disable automatic detection of nearby video devices.

  If you have automatic detection enabled, you can choose whether to Always Show or Connect to Show if a video device is connected.
Manually Connect to a Nearby Video Device
You can manually connect with a video device even if you're connected to another device or have automatic connection disabled.
Open the app and tap Connect to a Device. Then, tap on the video device's name to connect to it.

  If you're already connected to a video device, you can tap the device name and then tap Use a Different Device. If the device you want to connect to isn't appearing in the list, tap Enter Device Name and search for the device's name.
Share Content to a Device
Similar to the Webex Meetings desktop app, you can share your screen to a video device directly from your mobile app.
After connecting to a video device, tap the video device name and then tap Share on Device. Tap Start > Start Broadcast to begin sharing your screen. To stop sharing, tap the red clock icon and then tap Stop.
Connect to a Meeting from a Video Device
After connecting to a video device, you can connect to a meeting without having to join the meeting from your mobile device. After connecting, you can access the meeting controls directly from your mobile device.
Enable or disable automatic detection of nearby video devices
By default, your app automatically tries to discover and connect with nearby video devices. You can change this setting so that you have to manually connect to a device every time.
1
Go to Settings > Device, and then tap Discover Devices to enable or disable automatic detection of nearby video devices.

  If you have automatic detection enabled, you can choose whether to Always show or Connect to show if a video device is connected.
Manually connect to a nearby video device
You can manually connect with a video device even if you're connected to another device or have automatic connection disabled.
1
Open the app and tap Connect to a device. Then, tap on the video device's name to connect to it.

  If you're already connected to a video device, you can tap the device name and then tap Use a Different Device. If the device you want to connect to isn't appearing in the list, tap Enter a video address and search for the device's name.
Share content to a device
Similar to the Meetings desktop app, you can share your screen to a video device directly from your mobile app.
1
After connecting to a video device, tap the video device name and then tap Share on device, and then tap Start Broadcast.
2
To stop sharing, tap the red clock icon and then tap Stop.
Connect to a meeting from a video device
After connecting to a video device, you can connect to a meeting without having to join the meeting from your mobile device.
1
After connecting, you can access the meeting controls directly from your mobile device.