June 16, 2023 |
3841 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Enable or disable screen sharing for calling in Webex App
In this article
Partners and customers with full administrator rights have the ability to enable or disable screen sharing and other in-call features for Calling on the Control Hub. Enabling and disabling screen sharing is available for all Calling licenses and is configured on the organization, user, or user-group level in Control Hub.
Enable or disable screen sharing for an organization
The Webex Calling administrator can enable organization-level settings such as screen sharing, video on mobile or desktop, and access for remote control.
By default, the screen sharing toggle is enabled and applies to the entire organization. If the screen sharing is modified at the organization-level, then these settings apply to all users under the organization.
To enable screen sharing capability for the organizational level, complete these steps:
1
From the admin view in https://admin.webex.com, navigate to Calling under Services > Client Settings. The settings page displays.
2
From In-call experience, select the Screen sharing toggle to share the screen at the organization-level.
Enable or disable screen sharing for a user
The Webex Calling administrator can enable screen sharing for the selected user. This value has precedence over the organization-level and user group-level settings.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users.
2
Select the user that you'd like to modify.
3
Go to Calling and scroll to In-call experience, select the Screen sharing toggle to enable or disable sharing the screen for the user.

  Once this setting is configured for a user, further modifications are made at the user level. User settings will not automatically return to the organization’s default setting.
Enable or disable screen sharing for a user-group
The administrator can enable screen sharing for a user-group through a calling template. The values that are configured in the calling template apply to all users in the group.
You can use calling templates to apply settings for an entire group. Control Hub facilitates to search an existing template, view the settings that are applied, duplicate the template, and assign template to a user-group. See Manage calling templates section in the Configure setting templates article for details.
To monitor the screen sharing capability at the user-group level, complete these steps:
1
For enabling and disabling screen sharing for the user-group, identify a Calling template with screen sharing toggle enabled. To view the Calling templates, go to Calling under Services > Client Settings and click Templates.
2
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users.
3
Navigate to Groups and under the Settings Template assign the template for the user-groups. This ensures that all users have screen sharing enabled.
Few pointers to consider when applying the Calling templates:
When a user is onboarded to an organization, the user inherits the settings from the organization-level.
If the user is added to a user-group, then the settings from the Calling template apply.
If a user belongs to multiple user-groups, then the template with the lowest rank takes the highest precedence and that template settings apply.
If the user has individual user settings, then these settings take precendence over user-group or organization-level settings.