July 18, 2023 |
26375 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Configure trunks, route groups, and dial plans for Webex Calling
Webex Calling Plans, Trunks, and Route Groups provide you the ability to configure Webex Calling to manage calls between Webex Calling hosted users and premises PBX(s) users. This solution lets you configure hosted users to use Cloud PSTN (CCP or Cisco PSTN) or Premises-based PSTN.
A Trunk is a connection between Webex Calling and the premises, which stops on the premises with a local gateway or other supported device. Once you create a trunk, you can assign it to a route group. A Route Group is a group of trunks that allow Webex Calling to distribute calls over multiple trunks or to provide redundancy. A Local Gateway is an on-premises device(s) that interconnects the trunk, on-premises PSTN, and/or PBX.
Trunks, route groups, and dial plans provide the following benefits:
Load-balancing and failover across trunks to Webex Calling and the premises.
Ability for Webex Calling users to utilize cloud PSTN (Cloud Connected PSTN (CCP) or Cisco PSTN) and still be able to reach PBX users in the enterprise.
Routing of calls to different premises PBXs.
Tandem functionality to route calls between premises PBXs.
Broader range of migration and coexistence scenarios with premises PBXs, including mixed sites with premises users and Webex Calling users.
In-depth visibility of call routing decisions.
PSTN options for your location
Trunk
A trunk is a connection between Webex Calling and the premises, terminated on the premises with a supported session border controller acting as a Local Gateway. See Get started with Local Gateway to understand the various trunking models and requirements for devices and configuration.
Registration-based trunk
Certificate-based trunk
For a registration trunk model, Session Border Controller (SBC) performs SIP registration. Registration-based trunk requires the local gateway to maintain the SIP registration is active. The connection is implicit to registration.
Add a registration-based trunk to a location


Add a trunk for your location



Modify a trunk


Delete a trunk
Trunk status








Route group
A Route Group is a group of trunks that allow Webex Calling to distribute calls over multiple trunks or to provide redundancy.
Add a route group for your location
Modify a route group
Delete a route group
Dial plan overview

Create a dial plan for your location
Modify a dial plan
Delete a dial plan
Configure calls to on-premises extensions
Configure call routing between Webex Calling and premises


Verify call routing
Deployment examples
Configurable limitations