March 24, 2022 |
3151 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Configure and manage set up sequential ring in the calling user portal
In this article
Sequential Ring allows you to create a list of up to 5 additional numbers to ring in a specific order when you receive incoming calls following the schedules you create.
Feature operation
When a caller dials a user that has Sequential Ring enabled, they hear an announcement asking them to stay on the line. If the interrupt setting is enabled, the caller also hears a message to press pound to interrupt the search, if applicable.
The caller hears ringing after the first announcement.
If a call is answered by any of the numbers in the search list, the search is stopped.
Every 20 seconds, a comfort message is played asking the caller to stay on the line.
If the interrupt button (#) is pressed, the caller is provided with the subscriber’s no answer processing.
After all numbers were tried and not answered, the ring back or announcement is interrupted, and the caller is provided with the subscriber’s no answer processing (voice mail in most cases).
Set up sequential ring
1
Go to https://settings.webex.com and select Webex Calling.
2
From the calling user portal, go to Call Settings, the toggle on Sequential Ring.
3
Enter a list of 10-digit numbers or E.264 International numbers to be rung in order from 1 to 5. With each line you input, you can also set the number of rings for each device.
4
Select the Number of Rings from the dropdown menu, then Check Answer Confirmation for each number if you want called party to press 1 on the keypad to receive the call.
5
To have a number ring the primary line first, check Ring Webex Calling Primary Line first. Then input the number of rings.
6
To allow callers to go to voicemail, check Enable calls to go to voicemail.
7
Select a predefined schedule from the drop-down menu.

  If you do not see a schedule you would like to use for this setting, you can add a schedule on the Schedules tab in the Calling User Portal. For more information, see Create a Schedule to Apply to Call Settings.
8
Click Add Schedule to set the following parameters:
When—Select your predefined schedule from the drop-down menu.
Calls from—Select to apply a priority alert for calls from Any Phone Number or Select Phone Numbers. If you choose Select Phone Numbers, enter the additional details.
Alert or Don't alert—Choose whether or not you would like to apply a priority alert to the calls that fit within these parameters.
9
Click Save to save your priority alert parameters.
Your schedule is added to an Alert or Don't alert table. You can edit or delete schedules from the tables, as needed.
10
Click Save.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to set up sequential ring in the calling user portal.
Use sequential ring with other calling features
Sequential Ring interacts with the following calling features:
Alternate Numbers – Sequential Ring can be used with Alternate Numbers and applies to all alternate numbers for a user.
Call Forward Always – If Call Forward Always is active at the main location, it takes precedence over Sequential Ring. If Call Forward Always is active on any other destination numbers for Sequential Ring, the Sequential Ring location rings as usual and hunts to the next location if the call is unanswered.
Call Forward Busy – Sequential Ring has precedence over Call Forward Busy. If all locations are busy (or if the base location is busy with the Sequential Ring set up not to continue), Call Forward Busy has a chance to execute (otherwise, no-answer processing is always applied). The Sequential Ring locations can have Call Forward Busy, in which case, the call is forwarded if the location is busy.
Call Forward No Answer – Sequential Ring has precedence over Call Forward No Answer. Even if the base location is configured as a Sequential Ring location, a timeout causes Sequential Ring to attempt the next location. Once Sequential Ring has finished going over all its locations, normal no-answer processing occurs, and Call Forward No Answer can then forward the call (a no-answer timer is not restarted prior to that).
Call Forward Not Reachable – If active, Sequential Ring runs before the Call Forward Not Reachable service is invoked. If all the destinations, including the base locations, are not reachable, the Call Forward Not Reachable feature forwards the call to the destination number after the Sequential Ring feature hunts through the list.
Do Not Disturb – Do Not Disturb takes precedence over Sequential Ring.
Hunt Group – When a call to a Hunt Group is presented to a user in the Hunt Group, the user’s Sequential Ring service is inhibited.
Selective Call Acceptance/Selective Call Rejection – These features take precedence over Sequential Ring.
Simultaneous Ring – Sequential Ringing takes priority over Simultaneous Ring. However, if the base location is alerted, Simultaneous Ring triggers and rings any simultaneous locations.
Voice Messaging – If a Sequential Ring location rolls over to voicemail, the service ends and the caller is connected to voicemail.