January 20, 2023 |
122962 view(s) |
1283 people thought this was helpful
Get started with your free Webex plan
Use this quick reference to help you get the most out of your free Webex account.
Use a free Webex account for unlimited messaging and calling with other Webex users. Host secure, virtual meetings that last up to 40 minutes, with up to 100 attendees in your Webex. Download the free version of Webex App to access more features.

  See a full list of features available for your free account at the bottom of the Plans and Pricing page.
Sign up for a free account
If you haven't signed up yet for a free plan, go to webex.com and click Start for free. Enter your email address and follow the instructions to request an account.
When your account is ready, you'll receive an email with a link to create a username and password.

  If you're having trouble signing in to your free account, received a blank activation email, or haven't received an email yet, here's a workaround.
Sign in to your Webex site
Your Webex site is where you go to quickly start, schedule, or join a meeting. You can also access messaging, call options, and a free download for Webex App for desktop.
Sign in to your Webex site.

  Bookmark your Webex site for quick access.
Webex Suite menu
Enhance your experience with the Webex Suite, with access to features and applications including Webex App and Vidcast. We integrate these tools and solutions in one suite to support your hybrid work needs.
Take action to increase engagement, streamline workflows, improve collaboration, and make remote working more productive.
In the app header of the web app, click to open the Webex Suite menu. Choose from:
Vidcast—record and share video messages, without requiring a meeting.
Webex—download the desktop version of Webex App for more calling, meeting, and messaging features.
The application you select opens in a new browser window, where you can sign in or sign up to the app. Follow the authorization steps shown on the screen, as these vary depending on the app.

  Click Open Webex Suite Settings to access your settings.
Download the desktop app
To access more features like Bitmoji in Webex-to-Webex messaging, download Webex App for desktop.
Invite your team
From your Dashboard, select Invite teammates and enter an email address to send them instructions for getting started. To send out multiple invites, click Invite people to Webex at the bottom of the same page.
If they haven't signed up after two days, they automatically get a reminder email. You can manually resend the invitation at any time.
Create a team
Teams help you keep everything organized by categorizing multiple spaces under a common theme. For example, you may have a team for a large project that includes cross-department members all working together on specific pieces of the project. When you create a team, you can also select an emoji and add it to the name.
To create a team, go to Teams and click Create a team.
Create a team space
Webex App automatically adds you to a team's General space after you create or join a team. As the work on the team grows, you might need to add more specialized spaces. You and any other team member can create new team spaces.
To create a team space, go to Teams, choose the team you want to add a space to, and click Create a space.
Share files in a space
Most file types are shareable in a space, except for .tif files, up to 2 GB. You can also preview documents with up to 50 pages and less than 100 MB without downloading them first.
Supported file types: .doc, .docx, .gif, .jpeg, .pdf, .png, .ppt, .pptx, .xls, and .xlsx
When you add animated GIFs, they play automatically in the app if you keep their file size to under 2 MB.
To share files, drag and drop a file from your desktop, or click Attachment at the bottom of the message window and select a file.
Connect to audio and video
Before you start or join your meeting, you see a preview window where you can choose how you'd like to connect to audio and video. The easiest way is to connect using your computer audio.
You can also turn off your video before you join.

  Webex remembers your preference for your next meeting.
Host your first meeting
To quickly start a meeting, you can use your Personal Room. Think of your Personal Room as your very own virtual conference room. It has an easy-to-remember URL that you can share with other Webex users. The URL never changes, so people always know where to meet you.
To start a meeting now, on the home page of your Webex site, click Start a meeting.

  Lock your Personal Room to keep uninvited people from joining your meetings.
Invite others to your meeting
To invite others to a current meeting, click More options > Invite and remind, or copy the meeting link and share it in an email or instant message.
Invite attendees when you schedule a meeting, or from the Calendar in your Meetings site.
Your attendees won't need to download anything. The email invitation has all the details they need to join.

  Share a quick start guide attendees to help them get started.
See who joined the meeting
To make sure everyone you invited made it to your meeting, open the Participants panel and check the list.
Record the meeting
Record your meeting so you can refer back to it later and send it to people who couldn't attend. With a free plan, your meeting recordings are saved to your computer.
On Windows, recordings are stored in My Computer > Documents.
On a Mac, recordings are stored in the Home folder.
Share content
Keep everyone informed and engaged by sharing your screen. Anyone in a meeting can share their screen so everyone can see what's being discussed.