August 01, 2023 |
1106442 view(s) |
5438 people thought this was helpful
Webex | Record a meeting or webinar
Record meetings or webinars for people who can't attend or for those who want to refer back to what was discussed. Your recordings can either be saved to the cloud or your computer as a local recording.
There are two ways to record meetings and webinar. Your account type and Webex site configuration determine which recording method you can use.

  You can record meetings as a cohost in Webex version 42.12 and later.
Beginning April 1, 2023, you can't use Webex Events (classic) to schedule webinars. You can still access any existing recordings of webinars scheduled with Events (classic) after that date.
Record meetings in the cloud
Webex Free plan - Not available
Webex Starter, Plus, and Business plans - Available
Enterprise plans - configured by Webex Site administrator.
Record meetings on your computer
Webex Free, Starter, Plus, and Business plans - Available
Enterprise plans - configured by Webex Site administrator.
If you use Webex Training sessions, you can recording your training sessions.
Frequently asked questions
Why can't I record?

Can I save a recording in MP4 format?
Where can I find my recording?
How long does it take to get a recording?

How can I tell if my meeting was recorded?
How do I play a recording?
Can I convert a recording to MP4?

How do I get a recording transcript?

Known issues and limitations
If you start a meeting by phone, you can't record it.
Recording on your computer is currently only available from the desktop app. If you start a meeting from a device using the web app, such as a Chromebook, you can't record it.
If you show your camera in front of the presentation when you share content, your camera video doesn't appear in recordings.
If you sync your stage with everyone, the first person that you add to the stage appears in meeting or webinar recordings instead of the active speaker. If you want to record the active speaker instead of the first person on the stage, contact support.
Recording playback on Windows Media Player isn’t fully supported. Q&A, polling, chat, transcript, and chapter functionality won’t be available when viewing the recording.
You can't choose a recording layout for recordings to your computer.
If you share content using Share file, that content doesn't appear in recordings to your computer.
Recordings to your computer only include audio when you choose Computer audio. If you choose Call me or Call in, the audio doesn't record.
Recordings to your computer don't capture transcriptions, chat records, participant lists, or files shared during the meeting.