August 09, 2023 |
36610 view(s) |
58 people thought this was helpful
Get certified as a Webex Calling partner
This article guides you through the process to register as a Webex Calling partner. This enables you to resell Webex Calling and create Webex trials for your customers.
1
If you're not already a Cisco partner, go to Become a Cisco partner to read eligibility requirements and complete the registration process.
2
Go to the Partner Program Enrollment (PPE) site, and open the Eligible Programs tab. Here you can enroll in the Cloud Services Subscription Resale program.
You should already have completed this step if you are a Webex partner.
3
Review and complete the Cisco Collaboration SaaS Authorization Program requirements.
4
Complete the Collaboration SaaS Authorization training and exam for these roles:
Sales Account Manager (AM): Complete Pearson Vue Exam Requirements (Cisco Collaboration SaaS Specialization Exam #700-680 CSaaS 700-680 CSaaS exam)
Presales Engineer (PSE): Complete Pearson Vue Exam Requirements (Cisco Collaboration SaaS Specialization Exam #700-680 CSaaS 700-680 CSaaS exam)
5
Submit the Collaboration SaaS Specialization program application:
Sign in to the Program Management and Application tool (PMA) and select Apply to Program.
6
Complete the required fields and submit your application.
We evaluate and respond to your application (takes up to 48 hours).
7
Enroll in the Webex Calling Partner program
Return to the Partner Program Enrollment (PPE) site, and open the Eligible Programs tab.
Find the Webex Calling Partner program, click Enroll.
Review the addendum and accept the Terms and Conditions.
8
Complete the Webex Calling Sales and Administration training and exam.
Webex Calling Sales Training and one of:
Webex Calling Intermediate Administration Training
Webex Calling Professional Administration Training
Pass the Webex Calling Administration exam.
What to do next
You are now able to resell Webex Calling and create trials for your customers.