May 18, 2023 |
12670 view(s) |
43 people thought this was helpful
Show or hide the Captions & Highlights panel during a Webex meeting or webinar
You can view a running transcript of your meeting or webinar and capture highlights in the Captions & Highlights panel on the right side of the screen. You'll always know exactly who said what because each caption includes the speaker's name or the name of the room or desk device the speaker joined from.
Webex Assistant is available in Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
In addition to Meetings and Webinars, Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Webex for Government doesn't support Webex Assistant.
This feature requires Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0 with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
Hosts can turn on or turn off the Webex Assistant during the meeting or webinar. To automatically turn on the Webex Assistant whenever you start a meeting or webinar, see Set your Webex Meetings scheduling preferences.
Closed captions are not turned on by default for the hosts or participants when Webex Assistant is turned on by hosts. See Show or hide automated closed captions during a Webex Meeting or Webinar. Webex remembers if you did or didn't use automated captions in your previous meeting or webinar, and automatically turns them on or off for your next one, depending on your last usage.
Webex site admins are able to turn off automatic post-meeting emails to prevent cluttering inboxes. To turn these post-meeting emails on or off, contact your Webex site admin.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
If offensive words are used, asterisks replace some letters in the offensive word in the caption.
1
Show or hide the panel in the following ways:
If your're the host and you turned on Webex Assistant, you can hover over the Webex Assistant and select View captions and highlights to show the panel.
If you're not the host, select Closed caption options > View captions and highlights.
Highlights are captured even when the Captions & Highlights.
Hover over the Webex Assistant and select Hide captions and highlights to hide the panel.
You can also select ✕ in the Captions & Highlights panel to close the panel.
Highlights are captured even when the Captions & Highlights panel is hidden.
2
When you're sharing content, hover over the Webex Assistant on the floating bar at the top of your screen and select View captions and highlights to show the panel
Select Hide captions and highlights to hide the panel.