May 09, 2023 |
24225 view(s) |
86 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Smart notifications on multiple devices
If you want to get notifications from Webex App, make sure that all your devices have notifications turned on. Then, the app can figure out which device you're using and send notifications there.
Device Settings
Any settings you've made on your device will override the settings you specify in the app. If you want Webex App notifications but have notifications turned off on your device, then you won't get notified outside of the app when someone sends you a message, updates a space, or starts a meeting. So, make sure your device notifications are turned on:
Windows 10: Settings > System > Notifications and actions
Mac: System Settings > Notifications > Webex
iPhone and iPad: Settings > Notifications > Webex
Android: Settings > Apps, Apps & Notifications, Applications, or Applications Manager > Webex > Notifications or App Notifications
Smart Notifications
If you have Webex App installed on more than one device, the app detects which device you're using, or have used in the last 2 minutes, and only sends message and meeting notifications there. You're considered active in the app whenever you send messages, or read new ones.
For example, if you've been reading or sending messages at your Windows computer, and then start using the app on your Android phone, the app knows to send notifications to your phone instead of your computer. If the app doesn't detect any activity 40 seconds after it sends you a notification, then it sends the notification to all of your devices so that it reaches you on at least one.
Notifications on iOS Devices
The Webex App delivers notifications to iOS devices using Apple's Notification Service Extension (NSE). The following are some examples of notification behavior:
If you mark a message as read from another app, notifications are not dismissed immediately on your iOS devices lock screen.
You will occasionally see new messages or meeting notifications displayed as You have a new message or You have a new meeting on your lock screen.
The badge count on your home screen is not updated immediately until you bring the app to the foreground.