January 20, 2023 |
15257 view(s) |
17 people thought this was helpful
Grant Licenses for Real-time Translation
Real-time translation is an add-on for Webex Meetings and Webinars. With real-time translation, the host can select from 13 spoken languages for a meeting or webinar, which can then be translated into more than 100 other languages in closed captions. In order to use Real-time translation, your organization must have closed captioning in some form, either through Webex Assistant, or separated closed captioning. Real-time translation can be purchased enterprise wide for your entire organization or purchased for specific users.
Before you begin
Real-time translation is an add-on for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view). For a list of supported languages, see the Supported Languages section of the Show real-time translation and transcription in Meetings and Webinars article.
Starting with the 41.7 update, the Webex App supports real-time translation with some caveats:
Real-time translation is not supported in meetings started or joined from a space.
Real-time translation is not supported in webcast view for attendees.
Real-time translation is not supported in Webex for Government.

  Real-time translation must first be enabled in the administration settings. Administrators must enable Webex Assistant for Meetings for the host of the meeting or webinar, so that attendees can use real-time translation.
Users must have automated closed captions for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. If the site doesn't support automated closed captions without Webex Assistant, the host must turn on Webex Assistant to turn on automated closed captions.
When real-time translation is purchased, Webex Assistant is also provisioned. Once both entitlements are given to a host, real-time translation is enabled on all meetings and webinars (when webcast view for attendees is not enabled), across all sites and subscriptions that the user has a host account for. Real-time translation is a user entitlement that works across all sites, meetings, and webinars that support this feature, and is not tied to a specific subscription.
You can assign real-time translation licenses in any of the following ways:
Option Description
Add a license for an existing user
Follow the instructions in Edit Service Licenses in Control Hub for Individual Users.
Add licenses for multiple users
Follow the instructions in Modify Users in Control Hub with the CSV Template.
Add licenses for new users, by default
Follow the instructions in Set Up Automatic License Assignment Templates in Control Hub.