August 10, 2021 |
131567 view(s) |
312 people thought this was helpful
Schedule a Personal Conference or Audio Only Webex Meeting
In this article
Personal Conference and Audio Only Meetings
A Personal Conference meeting includes an audio portion and an online portion. Start the audio portion and the online portion is automatically created on your Webex site. If you are in the audio portion of the meeting and need to share a presentation, document, or application with meeting participants, you can start the online portion of the meeting and the participants can join it while still participating in the audio portion of the meeting. The host needs to set up their Audio Pin and save it before being able to generate the Personal Conference meeting account information. The host access code and host pin needs to be entered for the host to start the meeting.
You can create and store up to three Personal Conference number accounts. When scheduling a Personal Conference meeting, select one of your Personal Conference number accounts to use for the audio portion of the Personal Conference meeting. You can also use your Personal Conference number account to start an instant audio conference from any phone without scheduling it first. For each account, you can generate host and attendee access codes. If the global call-in option is enabled for your site, it is also available for Personal Conference number accounts you create.
Your Personal Conference number account also specifies the host access code that you want to use to start the audio portion of the Personal Conference meeting, and the attendee access codes that attendees can use to join the audio portion of the meeting.
You can delete a Personal Conference account at any time.
Personal Conference meetings are available only if your site supports Personal Conferencing and if your site uses Webex Audio. You can conduct an on-demand Webex Audio conference anytime, anywhere. You can also use your Personal Conference number when scheduling regular Webex meetings.
Set Up Your Personal Conferencing Accounts
Schedule a Personal Conference or Audio Only Meeting from the Webex Site
Schedule a Personal Conference Meeting with Microsoft Outlook for Windows
Schedule a Personal Conference Meeting with Microsoft Outlook for Mac
Schedule a Personal Conference Meeting with IBM Lotus Notes



Start a Personal Conference or Audio Only Meeting

Edit Your Webex Preferences
Telephone Keypad Commands