December 05, 2022 |
54850 view(s) |
74 people thought this was helpful
Manually adjust camera settings on Board and Room Series
The camera settings let you manually control the zoom, pan, and tilt of the camera. On Board and Room Series you can also define, edit, and save camera position presets from a touch controller.
Using manual camera control on a touch controller, you can create custom views with predefined zoom and camera direction. For example, maybe you need a zoomed out preset for meetings with multiple participants, and a zoomed in preset for smaller meetings. The presets will be available in the camera control screen and you can easily switch between them for different types of meetings.
Board, Room Series
MX, SX
Open the camera controls
To open the camera controls and manually adjust the camera:
Tap the button on the touch controller's homescreen. Tap Camera.

When you open the camera settings on a touch controller, you also get the Selfview settings. See this article about adjusting your selfview.
Tap Camera control and select Manual.


Use the camera controls to adjust pan, tilt, and zoom.



There are also automatic camera modes available for selection. Read more about automatic camera modes in this article.
Add and edit camera presets
To save a new camera preset or edit an existing one:
Toggle on Advanced in the upper right corner of the camera controls.


If the device is using more than one camera, you see them on the left side. In that case, choose which camera you're going to adjust.
To add a new preset, use the camera controls to adjust pan, tilt, and zoom. When you're all set, tap Add new. Name and Save the preset.


It will appear on the right side.


To edit an existing preset, tap the More (…) button beside it in the list. Rename it, set it as default, adjust and save, or delete the preset.


Tap the back arrow to leave the manual camera controls. When you return to the camera control screen, any presets will appear there for selection along with the automatic modes.


To return to the control panel, tap anywhere outside the camera control screen.