November 24, 2021 |
145159 view(s) |
262 people thought this was helpful
Convert an ARF recording to MP4 format
If you'd like to play a Webex Meetings, Webex Events or Webex Training session recording that's in Advanced Recording Format (ARF) on a different device, you can convert the recording to the MPEG-4 format (MP4) with the Webex Recording Converter.
Make sure the Webex Recording Converter is installed on your computer.

The below steps are for Windows users only. MacOS is unable to convert ARF files to other file types.
Convert recordings to MP4
1
Download the recording file to your local computer.
2
Open the Webex Recording Converter and go to File > Convert To MP4 and locate the file that you want to convert.

  If the Convert to MP4 option is dimmed, it's because you're trying to convert a streaming recording. Download the file to your computer and try again.
3
In the Save as: box, specify where to save the file.
4
Under Content options, select any of the following:
Chat: Includes all chat conversations.
Q&A: If you're recording a Training session, this includes any Q&A sessions.
Notes: Includes any notes that are entered into the Notes panel.
Video: Includes the meeting video.
Polling: If you're recording a Training session, this includes any polls.
File Transfer
5
Select Preview Layout to preview your content settings.
6
Under Video Quality, select one of the following:
High: Uses a high video quality with 8 frames per second (fps), which produces a larger file size.
Medium: Uses a medium video quality with 5 fps, which produces an average file size. This is the default option.
Low: Uses a low video quality with 3 fps, which produces a smaller file size.
7
Under Conversion Start Time, choose one of the following:
Convert now: Converts the file as you save it to your computer.
Convert at a scheduled time: Saves the file and then converts it at the date and time you select.
8
Select OK.
9
Select OK on the dialog that appears.
Check the status of converted files
If you scheduled your recording to be converted later, you can view information about, and manage scheduled recording conversions.
1
Double-click the Conversion Manager icon in your Windows task bar.
2
Select Edit to edit the scheduled conversion time for a pending conversion.
3
(Optional) Select Delete to delete a pending conversion. When the conversion process is complete, the Conversion complete window appears.