May 30, 2023 |
133848 view(s) |
738 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Tips for managing notifications
How you set your notifications determines how and when you get alerted about new messages in Webex App. By managing how you get notified about what's going on in Webex App, you can avoid getting overwhelmed by too much information.
Focus on Important Spaces
Webex App allows you to set notifications in two ways - for All Spaces or for Certain Spaces . These settings work together so that you don't miss anything and that you can keep up to date with what's happening.
You probably want to know about messages sent directly to you or to the spaces that are the most important to you. So, we recommend that you set these options to help you focus on them:
Change the notification preferences to @Mentions to me so you see fewer visual notifications and blue dots, helping you focus on messages sent directly to you.
Change the notification preferences for all spaces to @Mentions to all, helping you focus on spaces that are important to you.
See Set notifications for all spaces if you need help setting these options.
Change the notifications for specific spaces (where you can't afford to miss any messages) to All messages .
See Set notifications for certain spaces if you need help setting this.

  Webex App suppresses notifications for incoming messages or calls when you're sharing your screen or application while on a call or on a meeting.
Space sections
Organize and manage all your spaces into sections that you create. For example, easily drag and drop spaces to sections, to keep specific project work spaces together. Expand and collapse sections to give your space list a clean look. See Webex App | Space sections if you need help with organizing your spaces.
Notification Settings—Other Examples
We put together a few examples to explain how the notification settings work together, but you can also combine these settings however you'd like.

  Webex App supports smart notifications, so you can get pop-up notifications and alerts outside of the app when you get new messages. See Smart Notifications on Multiple Devices for more details.
Type of Notification
All Spaces Setting
Individual Space Setting
When to Use
All messages in all spaces
All messages
Global
This is the default setting.
@ Me
@Mentions to me
Global
If you only care about messages that mention you.
@ All
@Mentions to all
Global
If you care about messages that mention everyone in your spaces
All except certain spaces
All messages
Off
If you don't need notifications from certain spaces.
Only for certain spaces
Off
All messages
If you have a few high-priority spaces, disable notifications for everything else.
You still get notifications from spaces between you and another person (shown in your People filter) unless you mute them.
No Notifications
Off
Global
This combination stops all notifications.
Spaces List, Filters, and Badge Counters
The Webex App app icon on your device also shows the number of unread spaces that match the notifications criteria you've set.
You'll see counters next to Messaging and Teams, when you have unread messages in your spaces or teams. The number next to Messaging shows your total number of unread spaces.
Your filters also show the number of unread spaces, or messages where someone has @mentioned you directly or @ mentioned everyone in a space.
Go to and select the Notifications filter to see spaces with new activity that match your notifications criteria.
Also, at a glance, the icons and text in your spaces list also give you details about the messages you're seeing.
Bold text only, shows that you have notifications turned off, and there is an unread message in the space.
The @ symbol shows that you have notifications for @mentions turned on, and that there is an unread @me message in this space.
This icon shows that you have notifications for @mentions to all turned on, and that there is an unread @all message in this space.
The blue dot shows that you've turned notifications on, and there is an unread message that matches your notification settings in this space.
This icon shows that someone added you to this space. It appears next to the space until you open it for the first time.
The bell icon shows that you've set custom notifications set for this space.
The muted bell icon shows that you've disabled notifications for this space.
This icon shows that Webex App is unable to send your message.
This icon shows that you have a draft message in the space. It appears next to the space until you send or delete the draft message.

  If you set custom notifications in a space to All messages, you won't see the draft icon in the spaces list.