January 27, 2023 |
9015 view(s) |
16 people thought this was helpful
Analytics for Your Webex Cloud-Connected UC
In this article
Analytics in Control Hub provides you with a visual representation of information about your on-premise UC installation, such as endpoint inventory, headset inventory, call quality, call status, and so on.
View Analytics
The Cloud-Connected UC cloud sends the data that it collects to the Analytics UI. You can view the analytics data for your on-premises applications and devices in the Control Hub.

The charts show data in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
The charts related to endpoints may not show any data for Cisco Unified Communications Manager Session Management Edition (Unified CM-SME) clusters.
If the Cisco Unified Communications Manager version is upgraded from version X to version Y, then both of the versions are displayed in the Analytics charts. The latest data is shown under Unified CM Version against the latest upgraded version. However, the calls that are counted against the previous version continue to show for the selected duration.
When you change the Unified CM Cluster ID, the Analytics Cluster drop-down list shows the updated cluster name from next day onwards. The detailed view charts in both service experience and asset usage Unified CM Cluster chart shows the latest cluster name. The older cluster name continues to show and represent the previously processed call count.
Analytics now supports user filters.
You can use the user filters such as the User ID, URI, and Phone Number to filter the various charts in Analytics. If the Data Collection Agreement hasn't been accepted yet through any other service, clicking on these filters would provide you an option to review and accept the agreement.
This information is also available in downloaded data for the Service Experience and Asset Usage charts.
Analytics now supports Calling Number and Called Number charts as well.
If you face any issues while viewing the Analytics charts, see the Analytics User Interface Issues section in Troubleshoot Webex Cloud-Connected UC.
Before you begin
You must enable Analytics service on the Service Management page for the desired cluster. For more information, see Enable Cloud-Connected UC Services in Control Hub.
1
From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Analytics > Connected UC.
The Analytics page appears.
2
(Optional) To view the analytics for Mobile Remote Access data, enable the Mobile and Remote Access data only toggle.
3
(Optional) Choose a cluster from the cluster selection drop-down list in the top right.
The default setting is All Clusters.
4
To filter the data in the charts based on the time period, choose a value from the time period selection drop-down list in the top right.
The supported time ranges are:
Yesterday
Last 7 Days
Last 30 Days
Last 90 Days
Last 12 Months
You can view the charts for the period you've selected. The default time range is Last 30 Days.

  If you select Yesterday from the drop-down list, the UP and DOWN trends are based on the data that is compared with the two days before the previous day. Similarly, if you select Last 7 Days, then the % UP or DOWN trends are calculated based on the comparison between data for the previous 7 days with the data for the previous fortnight.
Service Experience












Asset Usage




















Traffic Analysis



Capacity Analysis

Mobile and Remote Access
Download Analytics Data Displayed in Charts



View Missing Data Notifications on the Control Hub

Reorder Chart Sequence


Hide and Unhide a Chart