May 26, 2023 |
59521 view(s) |
47 people thought this was helpful
Device configurations for Board, Desk, and Room Series devices
To set up certain features, you need to access the device’s configurations. You can access them either directly from Control Hub or use the device web interface.
From Control Hub
You can access a subset of device configurations for individual or multiple Board, Desk, and Room Series devices directly from Control Hub. You have read access to the configurations that can't be changed from Control Hub.
You can configure all the devices in your organization that are running RoomOS or are linked with Webex Edge for Devices. Configurations can be changed no matter the state the devices are in, and the changes will be applied when the devices come online.
In Control Hub, you can see the changes made to configurations in the device's history.
From device web interface
You can access all the configurations and see all the status parameters from the device web interface. In addition, you can choose predefined device configurations, such as briefing room and presenter tracking. You’re also presented with a range of tools for integrators, such as the UI Extensions Editor and Macro Editor.
Devices linked with Webex Edge for Devices
For devices linked with Webex Edge for Devices running CE9.15.3 and later, you can have read and write access to the device configurations from Control Hub. To enable write access for Webex Edge for Devices, go to Devices > Settings > Webex Edge for Devices and toggle on Allow Control Hub to manage configurations.
When you allow configuration management from Control Hub, the device will ignore configurations from the provisioning system, such as Customization Provisioning settings (macros and branding). This doesn’t apply to configurations that aren’t available from Control Hub, such as network and calling configurations. If you disable configuration management from Control Hub and the configuration control mode is set to Unified CM, configurations are set back to reflect changes made from the provisioning system. To read more about configuration control mode, see Feature Configuration Guide for Unified CM.
Read access is available also without allowing Control Hub to manage configurations.
Requirements:
You need access to Control Hub.
The device must be in the same organization as Control Hub.
For the device web interface, you need IP connectivity to the devices, which normally means that you have to be on the same network.
Limitations:
You can't access the device web interface from Control Hub if you’re using Internet Explorer.
Individual device configurations from Control Hub
Bulk device configurations from Control Hub
Device configurations from the device web interface
Where to find the administrator guides