August 03, 2023 |
86875 view(s) |
520 people thought this was helpful
Show or hide automated closed captions during a Webex meeting or webinar
Turn on automated closed captions to make your meetings and webinars more accessible. As people speak, what they say appears above the meeting or webinar controls.
You can turn on automated closed captions without turning on Webex Assistant for Meetings. Automated closed captions are available for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. If your site doesn't support automated closed captions without Webex Assistant, the host needs to turn on Webex Assistant to turn on automated closed captions. Webex Assistant is not available for Webex for Government.
Starting 42.3 and later sites, closed captions now include the speaker's name at the front.
Webex remembers if you used automated captions in your previous meeting or webinar and automatically turns them on for your next one.
Linux supports automated closed captions in Webex App.
If offensive words are used, asterisks replace some letters in the offensive word. We created our own profanity filter generated from common offensive words and phrases. We continue to add words and phrases as and when they're identified to us.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
If no one's speaking, the last caption disappears after 4 seconds.
To show captions, click Show closed captions in the lower left of the screen.

  To show more or fewer lines of text at a time, resize the closed captions box. Point to any edge of the box and drag the resize handle. To return the box to its original size and position, click More > Back to default position and size.
What to do next
If you don’t speak English, French, German, Spanish, or have trouble understanding the speaker, the meeting or the webinar application can translate 13 languages to more than 100 other languages in closed captions. For more information, see Show real-time translation and transcription in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.
Known issues and limitations