February 27, 2023 |
129 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Manage cookies for Webex web pages
We provide cookies to enhance your online experience by allowing our web pages to save your preferences, device, and browsing information.
The Cookies Management banner and Cookie Preference Centre page on Webex web pages allow you to control the types of cookies installed on your web browser.
The following options to manage cookies exist for users:
Accept all cookies
Reject all optional cookies
Manage their cookies settings by opening the Cookies Preference Centre
The Cookie Preference Centre page describes the types of cookies that are installed on the web browser. You can accept or reject the use of optional cookie types.
Webex services use cookies, which fall into the following categories:
Required Cookies (always active)—These cookies are used to provide the Webex Meetings solution. For example, these cookies help secure and prevent unauthorized use of Webex Meetings.
We use these cookies to effectively operate Webex Meetings. It allows us to manage internet traffic and provide both the core features of Webex Meetings as well as optional features that you and your users choose.
Users cannot disable these cookies using the Webex Meetings’ Cookies Preference Centre as these are required to provide the service. But you or your users can disable our use of some required cookies by disabling the optional features for which the cookies are used.
Functional Cookies (optional)—These cookies provide optional and nonessential features that are enabled by default.
Disabling these cookies limits the user experience, but, you can still use Webex Meetings’ core functionality and other optional features that you and your users have enabled.
Performance Cookies (optional)—These cookies are used to better understand your interactions with Webex Meetings so that we can improve them.
For example, analysing how users interact with Webex Meetings allows us to understand what content, features, and functionalities our users do and do not use and why. It also allows us to troubleshoot parts of Webex Meetings that may not be functioning as intended.
Disabling these Cookies reduces the information that we can use to improve Webex Meetings, including the user experience. Our technical support personnel may also have less information to use for troubleshooting potential issues that you may experience with Webex Meetings.