January 20, 2023 |
3716 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Automatic deletion of organizations with no activity in Control Hub
Organizations without any trial or paid subscriptions are evaluated for deletion. If users in these organizations no longer use Webex, then all of their user account, content, and organization will be deleted.
Conditions to have an organization marked to be deleted
Organizations that meet the following conditions will get marked for automatic deletion:
All trial and paid subscription licenses have been fully removed.
Partner organization doesn't manage any customers.
After the renewal period ends, the licenses will be removed from the organization and all Webex meeting data, including recordings and Webex Meetings URLs, will be deleted. Once an organization is marked for deletion, a To be deleted tag is added next to the organization name in the customer list of Partner Hub. A banner is also shown in Control Hub. After 30 days of no user activity in the organization have passed, full administrators of the customer organization will receive an email to let them know that the organization will be deleted in 30 days.

  When the 30 days is up and the organization gets deleted, all data associated with the organization is permanently deleted, including data for all users. You'll lose data like Webex App messages and files.
How to stop an organization from being marked for automatic deletion
If you want to keep an organization from getting deleted, you can:
Request a new trial on the same organization.
Purchase a subscription on the same organization.
Sign in at least once to the Control Hub organization to delay deletion for another 60 days.
Any user activity in the marked organization will also reset the countdown. Even though the organization is marked for deletion, users can still access the free version of Webex products. User activities include:
Signing in to the Webex App.
Sending or receiving messages.
User token refreshes.
Customer administrators signing in to the organization in Control Hub.
As an example, an organization is marked for deletion and there was no activity within 30 days, so an email is sent to all customer full administrators. The customer will have an additional 30 days from when the email was sent to decide if they want to keep the organization.
If any user activity happens within that 30-day period after the email is sent, then the countdown resets back to the beginning of the process. The customer will receive another email in 30 days if there is no activity, and they have an additional 30 days from when the email is sent to stop the organization from getting deleted.
Frequently asked questions