July 11, 2023 |
2543 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center
In this article
Availability of Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center
Webex Contact Center platform supports Bulk Operations. Webex Contact Center 1.0 platform doesn't support Bulk Operations.
To identify your Contact Center platform:
Sign in to Control Hub using the URL https://admin.webex.com.
From the Services section of the navigation pane, choose Contact Center > Settings > General > Service Details.
The Webex Contact Center Platform Details field shows 1.0 for Webex Contact Center 1.0 and New Platform for Webex Contact Center.
Overview of Bulk Operations
As an administrator, you can use Bulk Operations to create, modify, import, or export configuration objects in Webex Contact Center. This feature provides greater speed and efficiency to deploy and configure Webex Contact Center systems.
Bulk Operations is available for the following configuration object types:
Entry Point
Queue
Outdial Entry Point
Outdial Queue
Site
Team
Users
User Profiles
Work Types
Auxiliary Code
Desktop Profiles
Address Book
Outdial ANI
Skill Definition
Skill Profile
Entry Point Mappings
Audio Files
You can create and edit configuration objects using Bulk Operations. However, you can't delete configuration objects using Bulk Operations.
Configuration File Management
CSV Files
Except audio files, all configuration object types use comma-separated values (CSV) file format for bulk operations. For each object type, a set of CSV headers define all attributes of the object type. For more information about CSV format of each object type, see the article CSV Definition for Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center.
The column headers occupy the first row of a CSV file. The subsequent rows define unique objects of a given object type. Bulk Operations using CSV files can process a maximum of 5000 rows for the request. If you want to process more than 5000 records, you should create separate files with each file containing upto 5000 records and submit multiple requests. Additionally, Bulk Operations cannot process CSV files of size greater than 5 MB. If your CSV data file exceeds 5 MB, split the file and submit multiple requests.
Audio Files
To import audio files, Bulk Operations uses ZIP file format. Webex Contact Center supports only WAV file format for audio files. To import audio files that are in WAV format, do one of the following:
Store all audio files in a folder on your computer and zip the folder.
If the audio files are arranged in a folder structure on your computer, zip the folder structure.
Bulk Operations recursively accesses each directory and imports the .wav files to Webex Contact Center. If Bulk Operations finds an audio file with file name that already exists, the new file replaces the old file. The maximum supported size for a ZIP file is 50 MB. If your audio files exceed 50 MB, submit multiple requests each within 50 MB.
Create Configuration Objects for Bulk Operations
To create configuration objects for bulk operations, create an input file in CSV format.
1
Do one of the following:
Create a CSV file manually. Add column headers in the CSV file.
For more information, see the article CSV Definition for Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center.
Alternatively, download a template for the required configuration object type.
Access Control Hub.
From the Services section of the navigation pane, select Contact Center > Bulk Operations.
Click New bulk operation.
Choose a configuration object type from the Select a configuration object drop-down list.
In the Import section, click Download a sample template.
Define new configuration objects in this file.
2
Add a row to define each new configuration object.
What to do next
Submit an Import Job.
Update Configurations Using Bulk Operations
Update tenant configurations using bulk operations.
1
See the CSV definition of the configuration object type for bulk operations.
2
Do one of the following:
Choose a CSV file. Add column headers in the CSV file.
For more information about creating a CSV file, see the article CSV Definition for Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center.
Alternatively, download existing configuration objects of an object type and use them to make your updates.
Access Control Hub.
From the Services section of the navigation pane, select Contact Center > Bulk Operations.
Click New Bulk Operation.
Choose a configuration object from the Select a configuration object drop-down list.
In the Export section, enter a file name.
Click Next.
After the export job is completed, click Download export file from the Bulk Operations main page or the Job Details page.
Manually edit configuration objects in the CSV file that is either created or exported.
After you edit the CSV file, re-import the updated configuration objects from the edited CSV file. With bulk operation import, the system uses the object in the Name column to identify whether an object already exists. If an object name already exists, the system updates the corresponding object based on the information provided in the CSV file. If an object name doesn't exist, Webex Contact Center creates a new object.
What to do next
Submit an Import Job.
Access Bulk Operations
1
Sign in to the customer organization using the URL https://admin.webex.com.
2
From the Services section of the navigation pane, select Contact Center > Bulk Operations.
The Bulk Operations dashboard displays the following information about jobs that were executed earlier.
Table 1. Dashboard Fields
Field Name
Description
Bulk Operation ID
Displays the unique identifier for every bulk operation.
Filename
Displays the user-provided file name for a bulk operation.
Job type
Displays whether the bulk operation job is an export or import.
Object
Displays the configuration object type for which the bulk operation was executed.
Status
Displays the job execution status, which can be one of the following:
Completed: Indicates that the job was completed successfully.
Completed with errors: Indicates that the job was completed. However, some records in the CSV file had processing errors.
Failed: Indicates that the bulk operation job failed during execution.
In Progress: Indicates that the bulk operation job is in progress.
New: Indicates the receipt of a new bulk operation request and the creation of a bulk operation job.
If no errors occur during the bulk operation, the status first changes from New to In Progress and then to Completed.
Submitted By
Displays the email address of the user who submitted the bulk operation.
Start Time
Displays the time at which the job started.
End Time
Displays the time at which the job ended.
Action
Displays the option to export the file.
The most recent bulk operations appear at the top.

  Only one bulk operation can be active at a time. If a bulk operation is already in progress, the option New Bulk Operation is disabled.
To access a specific job, enter Import, Export, or any other criteria in the Search text box.
For export jobs, click the Download export file icon in the Action column to download the extracted CSV file to your local hard drive.
To access the Job Details page for a specific job, click the job entry in the Bulk Operations dashboard.
For import jobs with the status Completed with errors, click Export errors to CSV in the Job Details page to download the file and view the error.
The CSV file provides the reason for the error in the Error Message column. Fix the error in the same CSV file in the corresponding row. Submit the CSV file for import. For more information, see Submit an Import Job.

  You can access Bulk Operations jobs within a duration of one year. Webex Contact Center purges Bulk Operations jobs that are older than a year.
Submit an Import Job
To create or update configurations in bulk, submit an import job.
You can import configuration objects in bulk from an existing CSV file.
1
Sign in to the customer organization using the URL https://admin.webex.com.
2
From the Services section of the navigation pane, choose Contact Center > Bulk Operations.
The Bulk Operations dashboard displays information about jobs that were executed earlier. The most recent bulk operation jobs appear at the top.

  Only one bulk operation can be active at a time. If a bulk operation is already in progress, the option New Bulk Operation is disabled.
3
Click New Bulk Operation.
4
From the Select a configuration object drop-down list, choose a configuration object type.
5
In the Import section, click Click to browse. Choose the CSV file for import and click Open. To change or remove the CSV file, click Remove File.
6
Click Next.
7
Click Close and continue in background or wait in the Job Details page for the job to complete.
If the job status is Completed with errors, click Export errors to CSV to download the file and view the error. The CSV file provides the reason in the Error Message column. Fix the error in the same CSV file in the corresponding row. Return to step 5.
Submit an Export Job
Before you begin
To obtain a record of all objects of a configuration object type or to export and reuse configuration objects in bulk for easy configuration, use the Export option.
1
Sign in to the customer organization using the URL https://admin.webex.com.
2
From the Services section of the navigation pane, select Contact Center > Bulk Operations.
The Bulk Operations dashboard displays information about jobs that were executed earlier. The most recent bulk operations appear at the top.

  Only one bulk operation can be active at a time. If a bulk operation is already in progress, the option New Bulk Operation is disabled.
3
Click New Bulk Operation.
4
From the Select a configuration object drop-down list, choose a configuration object.
5
Click Export.
6
Choose one of the following options:
Download the template or export the configuration data.

  Export of audio files isn't supported.
Enter the CSV file name in the Enter file name text box to export the object contents.

  If the configuration object has more than 5000 entries, create multiple CSV files with not more than 5000 entries and export the CSV files as a ZIP file.
7
Click Next.
8
Click Download export file to download and save the file to your local hard drive.
9
Click Close.