May 16, 2023 |
1642 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Download a meeting transcript without recording the meeting
If you want a written copy of the meeting audio but you don’t want to save the audio and video from the meeting, download a transcript any time before the meeting ends.
You don't need to be the meeting host or a cohost, or record the meeting.
If you're the meeting host, you can also get a transcript after the meeting ends by recording the meeting.
Before you begin
This feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform. Find out if your meetings use the Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
Your Webex administrator must allow saving transcripts in meetings.
The transcript is created with natural language processing, a type of artificial intelligence that analyzes human speech to document it as text. This automated transcript or translation may contain errors and can be edited; it shouldn’t be used as a legal transcript or record.
1
During the meeting, turn on closed captions or turn on Webex Assistant.
The first time you do this, a blue dot shows in the closed captions box and in the Captions & highlights panel. It signifies that the app is recording the transcript. A notification appears to let everyone know that the app is recording the meeting transcript.
If your Webex administrator disables closed captions for the meeting host, no one in the meeting can save a transcript. If your Webex administrator disables the Captions & highlights panel, closed captions show in a meeting, but no one can save a transcript.
2
Any time before the meeting ends, click Download in the Captions & highlights panel.
To open the Captions & highlights panel, click More panels > Captions & highlights.
The transcript includes captions and highlights from the time you turned on closed captions or Webex Assistant until you download the transcript. For users who joined the meeting after closed captions or Webex Assistant was turned on, their transcript includes captions and highlights from the moment they joined the meeting.
3
Select a location to save the .txt file.
The .txt file contains the captions.
If highlights were created during the meeting, you save a .zip file instead. The .zip file contains two .txt files. One file contains the captions and the other file contains the highlights.