September 28, 2021 |
704 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector in Schoology
In this article
Install and set up the Webex Education Connector in Schoology so that teachers and students in your organization can start and attend classes, participate in class discussions, share files, and schedule office hours.
Get Your Current Consumer Key and Your Current Consumer Secret
To install the Webex Education Connector in Schoology, you need to be a Webex site administrator access and a Schoology administrator. The Schoology site must have a valid SSL certificate.
Before you begin
Before you can install the Webex Education Connector, you first must Configure Your Webex Site for the Webex Education Connector.
1
Sign in to Schoology as an administrator and click the Tools tab.
2
In the School Management section, select Integration > API.

  Take note of Your current consumer key and Your current consumer secret. You will use these later.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
1
From your web browser, go to https://lti.educonnector.io/.
2
Enter the following information:
Full name—Enter your first and last name.
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name. Your site name is the text in your Webex URL before .webex.com. If your site URL is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool.
LMS ...—Select Schoology from the drop-down list.
Schoology Site Domain—Enter the URL of your Schoology site. For example, myschool.schoology.com (exclude https://).
Schoology Consumer Key—Enter the key from Step 2 of Get Your Current Consumer Key and Your Current Consumer Secret.
Schoology Secret Key—Enter the key from Step 2 of Get Your Current Consumer Key and Your Current Consumer Secret.
Schoology Site Timezone—Select the time zone of your Schoology site from the drop-down list.
3
Click Next and take note of Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, and Your LTI Registration URL information. You will use them later.
Configure Your Schoology Site
1
Sign in to Schoology as an administrator, click the Tools tab.
2
In the School Management section, select Integration > External Tools > Add External Tool Provider.
3
Enter the following information:
Tool Name—Enter Webex or another descriptive name.
Consumer Key—Enter Your consumer key from Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Shared Secret—Enter Your shared secret from Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Privacy—Select Send Name and Email/Username of user who launches.
Configuration Type—Select Manual.
Match—Select URL.
Domain/URL—Enter the LTI URL from Step 5 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
4
Click Submit.
Install the Schoology LTI App in a Course
Follow these steps for each course where you'd like to add the Webex Education Connector.
1
Sign in to Schoology as a course administrator and navigate to the course that you want to add the Webex Education Connector to.
2
Go to Materials > Add Materials > Add File/Link/External Tool.
3
Choose External Tool and add the following:
Tool Provider—Select the name you chose in Step 3 of Configure Your Schoology Site.
Title—Enter the name you want to tool to appear as in the course.
4
Click Submit.
After submitting, you can see the app installed in the course.
5
Go to Materials and click the name of the tool to open the Webex Education Connector.
6
Go to the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section, click Authorize, and follow the on-screen instructions.
7
To define the site-wide features for instructor configuration, click Go to Admin Console and choose the features you want to enable.
8
Click Back to save your changes and return to the Setup tab.