November 08, 2021 |
22121 view(s) |
71 people thought this was helpful
Mute or unmute in Webex Meetings from a mobile device
You can use the mute and unmute functions to prevent unwanted noise in your meeting. Depending on your role, you can mute and unmute yourself, other participants, and automatically detect and remove background noise.
iOS
Android
Mute yourself
After connecting your device's audio to the meeting, tap Mute to mute yourself. Tap Unmute to unmute yourself.
While you’re muted, an Unmute icon remains on the screen letting you know that no one in the meeting can hear you. This icon appears even when the meeting controls don’t. If you try to speak while muted, a message appears to remind you to unmute yourself first.
Mute background noise
If you joined the meeting using the Internet for audio, the Meetings app can detect and remove background noise. Removing background noise helps limit distractions and prevents disruption while allowing your voice to be heard clearly.
For more information, see Remove background noise during a Webex meeting or event.
Mute other participants
If you're the meeting host or cohost, you have options to help you moderate your meeting. You can mute individuals or everyone at once, prevent participants from unmuting themselves, and mute participants automatically when they join. Muting participants is useful when you hear background noise or when participants speak out of turn.
1
To mute a specific participant, tap Participants , and then tap Mute next to the name of the person that ou want to mute. Tap Unmute when you want to unmute someone. Tapping Unmute sends a request to the participant that asks them to unmute themselves.
2
To mute all participants, tap Participants > Mute Control > Mute all.
3
When asked if you want to allow attendees to unmute themselves, tap Allow and Mute All or Don't Allow and Mute All.
4
To unmute all participants, tap Participants > Mute Control > Unmute all.
Tapping Unmute all sends messages to participants letting them know that they can unmute themselves.
Moderated unmute mode
Moderated Unmute mode allows hosts and cohosts to unmute participants directly instead of prompting users to unmute themselves. For example, a teacher may unmute a student when they call on them. Meetings in Moderated Unmute mode have an indication at the top of the meeting window to let everyone know.
If your administrator has enabled Moderated Unmute mode, you can schedule meetings with it, or enable it for Personal Room meetings.