April 30, 2021 |
8517 view(s) |
13 people thought this was helpful
Stream Your Cisco Webex Meetings or Events to IBM Video Streaming
You can stream your Webex meetings or events to IBM Video Streaming. This allows you to connect with your audiences by easily sharing your video and content with Webex controls.
As a host, you can stream the contents of your meetings or events to IBM Video Streaming. All streams include the audio, video, and content that is shared while the meeting or event is active.

Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren’t supported while live streaming.
When you stream a meeting or event to IBM Video Streaming, you continue to have full functionality of your Webex meeting or event. You can start or stop your stream at any time.

Live streaming using IBM Video Streaming must be enabled by your site administrator.
If you don’t have an IBM account, you can start an IBM Video Streaming account here - https://info.video.ibm.com/webex_trial.html
Desktop
Mobile
Before you begin
Applies to:
All active Webex Meetings WBS39.5.11 and later versions with an Enterprise plan
Webex Events WBS40.2 and later versions
1
Sign in to your Cisco Webex site and start your meeting or event.
2
Go to More Options and then choose Start live streaming.
Live streaming isn't available during a practice session in an event.
3
(Optional) Click Change streaming layouts to set the video layout of your stream.
For more information about selecting your streaming video layout, see Live Stream Your Webex Meetings or Events.
4
Select IBM Video Streaming and choose your IBM Video Streaming login option.
5
Enter your IBM user name and password, then click Sign In.
Your IBM Video Streaming account information is saved on the site that you use for your meeting or event.
6
To confirm that you're streaming, check for the Live indicator in the upper-right corner of your meeting or event.
7
When you want to end your stream, select More Options and then choose Stop Streaming.
View the Stream
Known Limitations