July 14, 2023 |
150248 view(s) |
170 people thought this was helpful
Claim users to your organization ("convert" users)
If people used an email domain that you own to sign up for a personal Webex account or belong to other Control Hub organizations, you may be able to claim them into your organization. Individuals can choose to keep their personal accounts by using a different email address for your site.

  *See Step 4 for more information about the delayed claim option.
If your organization has Site Administration managed sites
We highly recommend that you claim users before updating your site from Site Admin to Control Hub. If you claim users into your organization after the site has been updated to Control Hub, then those users can lose access to meetings and meeting assets in the site.
As a workaround, you can do the following to make sure that users won't lose access to meetings and meeting assets in the site after the site has been updated to Control Hub:
For users with external admin privileges to the organization or site—Remove all external admin access to the organization and site, and then remove the meeting site license. After you claim the user, re-license that user to the site. You can also restore their external admin privileges.
For regular users—Remove the meeting site license, claim the user to your organization, and then re-license that user to the site.
Read this before you try to claim users:
Disable directory synchronization in the Directory Connector before claiming users.
If you run a synchronization and the claimed users are not in your directory, the synchronization process could delete the claimed users. We recommend that you test with a dry-run synchronization after you claim users.
Verify your domains in Control Hub, so you can claim any users whose accounts use those domains in their email addresses.
You don't have to claim the domains to claim the users. See Manage your domains for a full explanation.
Decide whether to allow users to migrate content from their old account to their new account.
To allow migration, enable the Allow users to bring their Webex conversations with them setting in the Organization Settings page.
If you enable this setting, Webex uses the delayed claim process to claim users that are eligible to migrate their content.

  This feature applies only to personal Webex accounts. You can migrate a user from one enterprise organization to another, but you can't transfer their Webex conversations. Deleting your original organization permanently deletes all of the information associated with your organization, including data for all users. You'll lose data like Webex App messages and files, and all Webex Meetings data including Webex Meetings URLs and meeting recordings.
If you allow users to bring their content, you can claim them using one of the following options:
Immediate claim—Webex adds the accounts to your organization right away, and you can start managing and assigning licenses to them. Users can decide what to do with their old user account the next time they sign in.
Delayed claim—Users have 14 days to decide whether to migrate their Webex conversations from their old account to their new account. If they don't make a decision in 14 days, Webex automatically moves their accounts and Webex conversations to your organization. If you don't want users to bring their Webex conversations with them, you can disable the delayed claim option.

  Not all users are eligible for delayed claim. Users in the following organizations won't have the delayed claim option available and will lose their content if you claim them to your organization:
Users in organizations created after May 5, 2020. For more information, see New Webex Data Center for North American Region.
Users in enterprise organizations.
Users in the consumer (free) organization.
Choose one of the following methods to claim users with:
Method 1: Claim Users—Shows you a list of up to 250 users that you can claim outside your organization.

  If there are more than 250 users to claim and you want to make changes to the list, you must export the CSV file and follow the steps in Method 2: Claim Users with a CSV File to continue with the claiming process.
Method 2: CSV File Add or Modify Users—Exports a CSV file of all users outside your organization that you can claim. You can edit the CSV file to choose who you want to claim.
Method 3: Manually Add Users—Individually add up to 25 email addresses or names of the users you want to claim.
Method 1: Claim users
Method 2: Bulk add or modify users with CSV file

Method 3: Manually add users

Retract claim for a user


Claimed user's experience

Frequently asked questions