May 19, 2023 |
11735 view(s) |
42 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Share content while messaging
When you're chatting with somebody in a space, you can share content with them without being in a call or meeting.
Desktop
iOS
Android
1
Go to Messaging, choose a direct space, and then click Screen Share.
2
Select your shared content options:
Select how you want to Optimize your shared content from the drop-down menu:
Automatically optimize—Chooses the best optimization for your content type.
Optimize for text and images—Displays text and images in your shared content at the highest resolution and clarity possible.
Optimize for motion and video—The video plays back much more smoothly, as some resolution is sacrificed in favor of a higher frame rate to reduce lag and increase fluidity in your shared video, animation, or dynamic content.
Select Share your computer audio to allow others to hear your computer audio in addition to your microphone audio.
Mac only—Webex App needs an extension to share your computer audio. If you don't have this extension, then it automatically downloads when you click Share computer audio. You must have administrator permissions on your computer to install the extension.
Select the screen or application to share.
For applications, share all or an individual application window.
Hold Shift to select multiple applications but only one application is shared at a time.
3
Click Share.
The recipient receives an Incoming shared content notification. They must accept the screen share before they can see the content.
If they don't accept the share, click Stop before you share again or make a call.
4
Preview what you're sharing at the top of the screen. Make sure that what's showing is all you want to share.

  To show the preview after it disappears, go to the control bar at the top of the screen and click the down arrow.
5
While you're sharing, you can select the following:

  To expand or collapse the control bar at the top of the screen, click the arrows. If the share control bar is covering the shared content, you can drag the bar to any other edge of the screen.
Share something else or the You're sharing link to seamlessly switch to another screen or application.
Annotate to mark-up a shared screen.
Pause to pause sharing your screen or application.
Resume to resume sharing your screen or application.
Give remote control to allow someone to control your screen. Just make sure you're sharing your whole screen and not just an application.
6
Click Stop when you're done sharing your screen.