January 20, 2023 |
34100 view(s) |
38 people thought this was helpful
Enable Webex Assistant for devices
Webex Assistant for devices is a voice-driven virtual assistant that can help your users with calling, meetings, and device controls.
Webex Assistant for devices provides a quick and convenient way to interact with these Webex Devices:
Webex Desk Series
Desk Hub (* requires monitor)
Desk Mini
Desk
Desk Pro
Webex Board Series
Board 55, 70
Board 55S, 70S, 85S
Board Pro 55, 75
Webex Room Series
Room Bar
Room 55S, 70S G2
Room 55D, 70D G2
Room 70 Panorama
Room Kit Mini
Room Kit
Room Kit Plus
Codec Plus
Room Kit Pro
Codec Pro

  All cloud-registered devices get the latest software version automatically.
When you enable Webex Assistant for devices, anyone can stroll into a place, such as a conference room, and use their voice to interact with these devices. Webex Assistant can help you with many tasks, such as joining a colleague's Personal Room, calling someone in the organization, starting a meeting, and controlling the volume and video display options.
Before you begin
If you want Webex Assistant for devices to import your organization’s Common Identity data, enable directory synchronization in Control Hub. For more information about directory synchronization, see the Deployment guide for Hybrid Directory.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Devices then click Settings.
2
Scroll to Cisco Webex Assistant For Devices, and then check Enable Cisco Webex Assistant For Devices.
This check box appears even if you don't have the supported devices available.
Webex Assistant is now enabled on all supported devices across your organization. To enable or disable Webex Assistant on a specific device, see Toggle Webex Assistant for Devices Off and On from the Touch 10 Controller.

  Joining meetings with Webex Assistant using One Button to Push (OBTP) is only available if users book meetings using Cisco Webex Meetings or add @webex in the location field of the meeting invitation. For information about how to enable OBTP for devices, see Make it Easier for Video Devices to Join Meetings with OBTP.
3
You're now ready to start using Webex Assistant. Just say "OK Webex", followed by something like "Call Alison Cassidy", "Join my Personal Room", or "Record the meeting". Webex Assistant will take care of the rest!
If you want to see what kind of options you have with Webex Assistant, just say "OK Webex. What you can do?".
For more examples of how Webex Assistant can help you, see Use Webex Assistant for Devices to Control Your Room Device.