July 17, 2023 |
2798 view(s) |
9 people thought this was helpful
Cisco VoIP Number Policy
Read these guidelines and regulation information that apply to new or ported phone numbers ordered or used with Cisco VoIP service.
1. General
Cisco makes no guarantee regarding the availability of phone numbers, even if that number is listed by Cisco as available.
You will not lease or sell any phone number provided by Cisco.
Caller ID Name my not always reflect Your requested name.
Cisco treats all phone numbers as two-way numbers.
2. New Number Ordering
You can order numbers from Cisco individually or in a consecutive block, where the numbers are in sequential order (a "Block Order").
You can order a Block Order in increments of 10, 50 or 100.
You cannot individually delete numbers ordered in a Block Order. If you want to delete a portion of the block, you must delete the entire block and order new numbers.
3. Number porting
Cisco allows number porting. The following apply to customers porting numbers into or out of Cisco’s VoIP services. Follow any laws applicable to porting activities. “Slamming” activities are not allowed. Cisco will not change any party’s telephony service provider without first obtaining written permission from the appropriate account holder.
Port-In requirements (that is, transfer of numbers into a Cisco VoIP service from another service provider):
Provide accurate porting information to Cisco.
Provide proof of ownership of the numbers they are porting.
Cisco may need to log into Your admin portal in order to conduct number porting activities.
Completing a number port request may depend on factors outside of Cisco’s control, including delays you or the other service provider cause.
You will publicize ported numbers at Your own risk and You are responsible for verifying successful porting before publicizing any numbers.
Cisco does not guarantee the specific time-of-day of the port.
You should avoid porting-in lead DSL/ADSL numbers.
You should avoid porting phone numbers to VoIP that are not tested or supported, including, but is not limited to alarm/security lines, elevator lines, etc.
Rescheduling porting activities, especially with short notice, may result in an outage of service.
Port-Out (ie transfer of number(s) from Cisco VoIP to another service provider):
Cisco takes reasonable efforts to ensure the validity of a port-out request, but unauthorized port-outs do occur and Cisco is not liable for any such activity.
4. Service Cancellation
Upon termination or cancellation of the VoIP service, You are solely responsible for porting numbers out to another service provider if You wish to maintain ownership of the numbers. Numbers that are not ported out is released after a reasonable amount of time. Cisco can’t guarantee that a phone number will be available after it’s released.