June 30, 2023 |
67798 view(s) |
110 people thought this was helpful
Advanced diagnostics and troubleshooting in Control Hub
Control Hub offers media-quality data about Webex Meetings and calls that use Webex Calling and Call on Webex. This can help you pinpoint which users are having meeting and call issues.
View troubleshooting data
Search view
Meeting view
Webex Calling view
Call on Webex view
Participant view
Live meetings
Troubleshoot Webex Meetings and calls
If you're a full customer administrator, read-only customer administrator, or customer support administrator, you can use the Troubleshooting information in Control Hub to help you determine the root cause of calls on the Call on Webex (non-PSTN) service, Webex Calling calls, or meeting-related issues your users experienced.
Diagnostics are also available. You can further investigate specific meetings or calls that are in progress or that have occurred within the past 21 days. Search for meetings by meeting number, the email address of the host or participants, conference ID, or the name of cloud-registered devices. Search for calls with the caller or callee's email address, MAC address, and phone number. You can then drill down into participant details, hop details, video quality, audio quality, and more.

  For more information on media quality artifacts, troubleshooting methodology, and best practices that focus on Webex Meetings, see Troubleshooting Audio and Video Quality with Webex Control Hub.

  Meetings in progress appear at the top of list with an In Progess status. Calls only appear after they've ended.
These are the minimum versions required for Webex services that you need in order to see rich troubleshooting data for Webex Meetings and calls using Call on Webex. If your devices don't meet these requirements, only packet loss and latency data are available.

  Rich troubleshooting data for Webex Events is available for participants who join through the desktop app. Oherwise, only packet loss and latency data are available.
Only packet loss and latency data are available for Webex Training sessions.
Webex Meetings Advanced Diagnostics Support Matrix
Webex App advanced diagnostics support for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex
Devices Advanced Diagnostics Support for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex Matrix
Search for a meeting or call
View troubleshooting data
1
To view your Troubleshooting data:
For Webex sites managed in Control Hub, from the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, click Troubleshooting.
For Webex sites managed in Cisco Webex Site Administration, sign in to Webex Site Administration and click Troubleshooting.
For partner administrators who want to view their own data, from the partner view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Customers, select the customer organization labeled My Organization, click View My Organization, and then click Troubleshooting.
2
Use the Search bar to search for:
Meetings—by host email, participant email, meeting number, or conference ID.
Calls that used Call on Webex—by caller or callee's email address.
Calls that used Webex Calling—by caller or callee's email address that's registered with Webex Calling, phone number, MAC address, or call ID.
By default, you can see meetings and calls from the last 7 days, but you can click the calendar icon to specify a specific date. You can search for meetings and calls that happened up to 21 days ago.
The time zone is set according to your profile at the top right corner, but you can change the time zone anytime from the drop-down menu. For example, if a meeting host comes to you with an issue from a meeting that took place in a different time zone, you can switch to that time zone so that you don’t have to do the time conversion.
3
In the search results, select the meeting or call that you want more information about.