May 03, 2023 |
822 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Manage Announcement Repository
In this article
The announcement repository helps manage audio files from a common location that are used in various services, such as auto attendant announcements, music on hold or call queue announcements.
Overview of announcement repository
Set up a common repository, which allows different locations to use a shared announcement. Services such as Auto attendants, Call Queues, or Music On Hold can point to a common announcement in the repository.
You can update these announcements once, and apply them against all the respective instances. This feature provides a more scalable way to update auto attendants and allows administrators to update company-wide announcements. For example: a holiday announcement.
You can set the announcement repository at the following levels:
Customer Level Repository
Location level Repository
The announcement repository option at the customer and location level provides these capabilities:
Add, update, and delete the audio files
Replace existing announcement files
Filter and Sort capability to view the files
Displays the file information and the feature instance that is attached with an announcement.
Supports localization of the announcements
Set up announcement repository
To set up an announcement repository at the location level, complete these steps:
Before you begin
Adhere to these requirements when uploading audio files into the announcements repository:
Supports only .wav files
Can’t delete current files that the features use.
Upload audio files with a maximum size of 5 MB.
Supports customer to store announcement files upto 1 GB storage limit across all the levels.
Don’t upload duplicate announcement file names.
1
Got to https://admin.webex.com, navigate to Calling under Services > Features. The features page displays.
2
Select Announcement Files. You can view the list of all audio files available at that location.
You can filter the files using the search field and view the filters applicable for a location or organization.
3
To add a new announcement file, Click Add File. The Select a File window displays.
4
Select a file to upload or record your own message. Select Upload.
Provide the details for the fields.
Level-specify the access level where the announcement applies. For example: Location
Location-specify a location that the announcement applies. For example: Chicago.
Label-specify a title for the announcement file. For example: Service Outage
You can drag and drop the audio file. Click Select file.
5
Create your own custom audio file by using the recording tool. Select Record. Enter a title for the audio file under Label.
This option saves the recording in your file repository for future use. Press the Play button to listen to the recorded message before you upload.
Ensure that the audio file adheres to the specification mentioned in Pre-requisite for audio files for details.
6
The audio file now lists in the Announcement File page. You can use the audio files for custom configuration in these features:
Music on Hold—Select Play custom music option, to play custom music when a call is in the queue.
Auto Attendant—Select Custom Greeting option, to set a message that your customers hear when they call the Business Hours Auto Attendant. Greetings often have a short welcome message and list the menu options.
Call Queue—Select Custom announcement option, to set messages and music that the customers hear when the agents are busy.
7
You can view the list of audio files in the repository. You can view files, delete, or replace the files per your requirement.
Replacing an announcement file allows the admin to use a single file and apply it to the relevant services. For example: To change the monthly specials announcement for 25 locations, admins can use a single replacement file.

  The announcement repository supports the following:
Stores the audio files without a time limit
Supports any number of file uploads
Supports localization of the announcement messages