May 10, 2023 |
25274 view(s) |
40 people thought this was helpful
Set up your Board, Desk or Room series device as a Personal Device
Get your Webex calls and meetings directly to your Cisco device when you set it up as a personal device.
When your device is in personal mode, you can:
Share content wirelessly by pairing your device to the Webex app
Share content wirelessly during a meeting
Make a call on your device by using the Webex App
Start a Personal Room Meeting from your device
Upload custom virtual backgrounds to your Desk Series device
You can get your activation code without having to be an administrator directly on the Webex App. Open the settings from your profile picture on the Webex App and select Devices. Generate an activation code to set up your device for the first time or to re-register it.

If you have a new device or one that has been registered to another call service, it needs to be running software version CE9.0.1 or later.
Users with a Webex Calling professional license can use their personal room system device to make (or receive) external calls using a phone number or use extension-based calling from the device.
Your personal meetings show up on your device 5 minutes before they start. It is possible to hide meeting details, so the meeting titles don't appear on the device.
1
If your device has been previously registered to Cisco Webex or to another call service, factory reset your device first.
Swipe right on the home screen and go to Device Settings . Select Factory reset and confirm that you want to reset the device.
2
On the Webex App, navigate to the settings menu and create a new device by selecting Devices and Generate Activation Code. The activation code is also sent to your email.
3
Go through the setup wizard on your device. When you come to Choose a call service select Cisco Webex and type in the activation code you created.
Finish the wizard steps and your device is ready for use.
4
After the setup, you can see your device on the Webex app, in the settings menu under Devices. From this page, you can also change the device name and deactivate it.
To change the device name, select icon and Edit name. Use a descriptive name that makes it easier to recognize the device, for example Lisa's Home Office.