June 05, 2023 |
2091 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 release notes
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved.
New features
Download
Known limitations
Supported countries
April 5, 2023
Firmware version 3.3.21
New call control gestures
This firmware release unlocks new call control gestures. In addition to answering calls, you can now:
End a call
Reject an incoming call
For more information on call controls on the B&O Cisco 980, see Manage calls with your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.
Skip audio tracks forward and back
This firmware release enables you to skip your streaming audio forward or back. Just triple-tap your right ear cup to skip a track. You can also go back a track when you triple-tap your left ear cup.
For more information on music controls on the B&O Cisco 980, see Listen to music on your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.
Activate your mobile voice assistant
You can now activate your voice assistant when you aren't in a call. To activate a voice assistant such as Siri or Google Assistant from your headset, press and hold the Mute button.
New headset customizations in the Bang & Olufsen mobile app
We've expanded the range of customizable B&O Cisco 980 options through the Bang & Olufsen mobile app. You can enable or disable gesture controls to simplify your headset experience.
You can now customize the voice prompts that you hear through your headset, set notifications to a simple tone or disable the notifications.
You can also change your audio notification language through the Cisco Headsets mobile app. Available languages include Chinese (Simplified), Chinese (Traditional), English (U.S.), English (U.K.), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish, and Ukrainian.
Bluetooth device management in the Bang & Olufsen mobile app
You can now easily manage your Bluetooth device history through the Bang & Olufsen mobile app. Simply tap the connection mode indicator on the home screen to open the Bluetooth management menu. You can manage which devices you want your headset to connect to. You can also erase specific headsets from your headset Bluetooth history.
Mute sync on Cisco Desk Devices
Your B&O Cisco 980 mute status is now synchronized on Cisco Desk Devices.
November 21, 2022
Updated Bang & Olufsen app pairing procedure
Jointly, Bang & Olufsen and Cisco have improved the pairing procedure between the B&O Cisco 980 and the Bang & Olufsen mobile app. You now confirm your headset ownership when you first pair the headset to the app or when a headset has a new owner.
There is no software change to your headset. However, make sure you are running the latest version of the Bang & Olufsen mobile app. The app will prompt existing B&O Cisco 980 users to confirm their headset ownership after the app update.

  If you factory reset your headset, you'll need to completely close and reopen the B&O app to successfully re-pair your headset.
For more information on the pairing procedure, see Customize your headset with the Bang & Olufsen app.
October 20, 2022
Firmware version 3.1.86
Upgrades through Cisco Accessory Hub
You can now upgrade your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 through Cisco Accessory Hub.
Cisco Accessory Hub is a web application that lets you upgrade your headset firmware without having to download the Bang & Olufsen mobile app.
To use Cisco Accessory Hub, simply go to https://upgrade.cisco.com/accessories, connect your headset to the USB port on your computer, and follow the instructions on the screen.

  Cisco Accessory Hub is currently supported only on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge, version 92 or later.
Personalize your headset name in the Bang & Olufsen App
You can give your headset a unique name through the Bang & Olufsen mobile app. The name change saves to the headset and appears in any Bluetooth device list. You can return your headset to the default name anytime through the Reset Settings button in the app.
For more information, see Customize your headset in the Bang & Olufsen App.
Control Hub inventory enhancement
We've modified the way that the B&O Cisco 980 serial number appears in Control Hub to more closely align with other Cisco headsets.
Minor bug fixes
We fixed an issue that was impacting Bluetooth connectivity after the headset went out of range of the device. We've also improved upgrade reliability.
April 12, 2022
Firmware version 3.1.66
Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980
The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 is a premium over-ear headset that delivers superior design, outstanding audio, and leading business communications.
The B&O Cisco 980 comes with the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth solution. The headset can also connect to devices with the included USB-C to USB-A cable. The USB-C cable also acts as a charging cable and can connect to any powered USB adapter.
For more information, see Get started with your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.