January 20, 2023 |
22008 view(s) |
23 people thought this was helpful
Customize email templates
Webex services automatically send email messages: for example, when hosts schedule or change sessions. If the site includes the email templates option, you can customize them. You can also restore the default mail templates.
Site Administration
Control Hub
Webex sites include customizable email templates in HTML and plain text formats. The Email Template page indicates whether an HTML format version of a template is available.
Ensure that you change the templates for each language that the site supports. When you change a template, use the same language as the template. For example, when editing a French-language template, use French.
HTML versions aren’t available for customized text-based email templates.

  You can't edit Email templates for new Webex sites. For assistance with enabling email templates, contact Webex Support.
The Webex Hybrid Calendar Service uses a different method for customizing email templates. For more information, see Customize Email Templates for the Hybrid Calendar Service.
For information about enabling the email templates option, contact your Webex account manager.
Before you begin
Make sure that SSO is not enabled as it will prevent you from creating custom email templates.
1
After you sign in to your Webex site, select the link for the default language.
2
On the Preferences page, from the Language list, select the language of the template to be edited.
3
Select Save.
4
Open Webex Site Administration by selecting the Site Administration link and go to Configuration > Email > Email Templates.
5
From the Existing Email Templates for drop-down list, select the service for which you want to customize templates. Then select the template that you want to change.
6
Change the text and remove or rearrange variables, as needed.
Variables appear with a percent (%) sign before and after their name.

  You can move variables within a template, but do not change their names.
Each email template contains its own set of variables. Copying and pasting variables from one template to another is not supported.
7
After customizing an HTML email template, select Preview HTML to ensure that your template looks as expected. Then select Update.
8
Repeat this procedure to make the same changes for the template in each supported language.


Add a Skype for Business SIP URI to email messages

Disable the iCalendar email template
Insert images in iCalendar templates using HTML code


Replace the Join button with a Join link using HTML code

Restore default email templates