March 24, 2023 |
37110 view(s) |
16 people thought this was helpful
Hybrid Calendar Service with Microsoft Exchange integration reference
You don't need to miss meetings because they were scheduled in a different app. You can use Hybrid Calendar to provide a rich collaboration experience for users and rooms between Webex Meetings and Webex App with Microsoft Exchange.
Hybrid Calendar benefits
Currently, the Hybrid Calendar integration with Microsoft Exchange provides the following major features:
Provide users the ability to schedule a collaboration meeting with any calendar client connected to Microsoft Exchange. You don't need to install plug-ins or extensions. Type a keyword into the Location field (for example, @webex or @meet) or put a video address URI or meeting address into the meeting body.
Show a meetings list in users' Webex App applications—desktop, mobile, and hard endpoints.
Pop up a notification with a Join button, also known as One Button to Push (OBTP).
Update a user’s Webex App presence status when the user sets up automatic replies in Outlook (sometimes referred to as out-of-office status).
This article gives an overview of how the Expressway-based Calendar Connector integrates on-premises Microsoft Exchange with the Webex cloud.
For similar overviews of the other Hybrid Calendar Service integrations, see the following articles:
Cisco Webex Hybrid Calendar Service with Office 365 integration reference
Cisco Webex Hybrid Calendar Service with Google Calendar integration reference
For the latest feature and deployment information, see https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-services-calendar.
Data handling
The Hybrid Calendar receives meeting details from the calendar system and parses the meeting location and body for URIs and URLs for joining the meetings. The service uses other information, such as start and end time and invitees, to populate the meetings list in Webex App and on certain devices. The service also provides the Join button (OBTP). The service doesn't store or send unencrypted sensitive data such as meeting description, meeting body, or email addresses of invitees. The service sends encrypted data to the Webex cloud (and stores the data in encrypted form) to provide the meetings list and Join button.

  The Hybrid Calendar service retains meeting data for a limited time. The stored data covers meetings from 7 days in the past through 31 days in the future.
For data encryption, the Hybrid Calendar uses the same Webex cloud encryption service that Webex App uses. As such, the cloud Key Management Server (KMS) provides key management. If you choose to deploy Hybrid Data Security, your own on-premises KMS provides the key management. (For more details, see the Webex App Security Paper.)
Authentication and authorization during deployment
Our Expressway-based connector integrates Webex with supported versions of Microsoft Exchange through an impersonation account. The application impersonation management role in Exchange enables applications to impersonate users in an organization to perform tasks for the user. You configure the application impersonation role in Exchange and use it in the calendar connector for the Exchange configuration on the Expressway-C interface.
The Exchange impersonation account is Microsoft's recommended method for this task. Expressway-C administrators don't need to know the password, because an Exchange administrator enters the value in the Expressway-C interface. The interface obscures the password, even if the Expressway-C administrator has root access to the Expressway-C box. The Expressway-C encrypts the password for storage using the same credential encryption mechanism as other passwords on the Expressway-C.
For more security, enable TLS to secure EWS connections on the wire as outlined in the Deployment Guide for Webex Hybrid Calendar Service.
Provisioning process
Ongoing operations
The Hybrid Calendar uses Exchange Web Services (EWS) to access Microsoft Exchange calendar events. EWS supports a broad range of mailbox operations. However, the Hybrid Calendar uses only a subset of commands for calendar use cases.
Table 1. Operations currently used by Hybrid Calendar Service
EWS operation
Usage
ConvertId
Simple connectivity check.
FindItem
Search for events in a user's calendar.
GetFolder
Retrieve details about a calendar folder.
GetItem
Retrieve details about events in a calendar folder.
GetStreamingEvents
Receive streaming notifications on calendar events.
GetUserOofSettings
Retrieve a user's out-of-office settings.
Subscribe
Subscribe for notifications on changes to a user's calendar.
SyncFolderItems
Detect changed meetings when not subscribed (missed, upgrades, and so on).
Unsubscribe
Unsubscribe from notifications on changes to a user's calendar.
UpdateItem
Update properties of calendar events (including join information and extended properties).
CreateItem
Create a new meeting request based on the input the user provides in the Webex client. The system creates new meetings for both organizers and users based on their availability.
GetUserAvailability
Displays the user availability and free/busy status for a specified time range.
The Hybrid Calendar also makes periodic calls to the Autodiscover service to locate user mailboxes.