June 01, 2023 |
261613 view(s) |
1474 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Share content in a meeting
When you share content in Webex App, everyone in the meeting can easily see what's being discussed. Anyone can share content, but only one person can share at a time.
If you are a host or cohost of the meeting, you can disable sharing for all other participants during a meeting. See Webex App | Turn off content sharing for participants in a meeting.
If you prefer, you can share a file or share only a portion of your screen.
Windows
Mac
iPhone and iPad
Android
Web

  Some calls in the app have these features too.
You can share content when you're connected to a room or desk device.
1
During a meeting, select .
2
When you're sharing content with video or audio, you should check these options:
Optimization drop-down list:
Automatically Optimize—Chooses the best optimization for your content type.
Optimize for text and images—Displays text and images in your shared content at the highest resolution and clarity possible.
Optimize for motion and video—The video plays back much more smoothly, as some resolution is sacrificed in favor of a higher frame rate to reduce lag and increase fluidity in your shared video, animation, or dynamic content.

  This option may not improve the frame rate in meetings with over 25 attendees.
If you choose this option, Share computer audio is automatically turned on for you.
Share computer audio—Allows others to hear your computer audio in addition to your microphone audio.
3
Choose the screen or application that you want to share.
For applications, share all or an individual application window.
Hold Shift to select multiple applications. Everyone in the meeting will see one of the shared applications at a time only.
If you don't see the app that you want to share, scroll to see all your open apps, or drag the resize handle on any of the four corners or sides to make the window larger or smaller.

  You'll just see the name of the app when the app is minimized, when the app relies on hardware to display graphics, or when it's a Universal Windows Platform app.
4
Check the Show me in front of presentation check box to show your video in front of the shared content.
5
Preview what you're sharing at the top of the screen. Check that you’re sharing only what you want and that everyone in the meeting can see it.
To show the preview window after it disappears, hover over the control bar at the top of the screen and click the down arrow .

  Webex App suppresses notifications for incoming messages or calls when you're sharing your screen or application while in a meeting.
6
While you're sharing, you can select the following:

  To expand or collapse the control bar at the top of the screen, click the arrow. If the share control bar is covering the shared content, you can drag the bar to any other edge of the screen.
If the thumbnail videos are covering the shared content, you can also drag the floating panel to another location on the screen.
Share something else or the You're sharing link to switch to another screen or application without needing to stop sharing first.
More sharing controls > Show video and controls in a floating window to show the floating video panel. By default, this option is checked. Uncheck Show video and controls in a floating window to hide the floating video panel.
More sharing controls > Annotate to mark-up a shared screen during a call or a meeting.
Pause to pause sharing your screen or application.
Resume to resume sharing your screen or application.
7
Use the floating window to conveniently access the following options:
Mute or Unmute to mute or unmute yourself.
Stop video or Start video to turn off or turn on your video.
Record to record and save your meetings for later use.
Open participants panel to see a list of all the participants in the meeting, including their names, email addresses, and status (for example, whether they are muted or not). You can use this panel to mute or unmute other participants.
More meeting controls > Lock meeting to control who can participate in your meeting. When you lock a meeting, other participants will not be able to join or rejoin the meeting.
Focus view to show the active speaker's video only.
Grid view to show the videos of the meeting participants.
Hide video view to hide all thumbnails videos. The name of the active speaker shows in the floating window.
The indicator shows your network connection and CPU usage, the indicator appears when the meeting is being recorded, and the indicator appears when the meeting is locked.
8
When you want to stop sharing, click Stop at the top of the screen.
See share content using an external USB camera if you prefer that option.