August 02, 2023 |
394667 view(s) |
2217 people thought this was helpful
Assign cohosts in meetings and webinars
The cohost role provides privileges similar to the host role, including starting the meeting or webinar in their place if they’re running late or can’t attend, and can help improve productivity.
Your site administrator must enable the feature for a host to designate cohosts in a meeting or webinar. For more information, contact your site administrator.
Cohosts
If the host is running late or can't attend, a cohost can start and manage the meeting or webinar in their place. Cohosts can also assist the host with meeting management, which is useful for larger meetings. If the host isn’t in the meeting, a cohost assumes the host role until the original host joins. Webex verifies whether or not someone who joins the meeting has a host account on the same Webex site as the meeting host before making them a cohost.
When scheduling a meeting or webinar, hosts can assign the cohost role to one or more attendees, and those invitees join the meeting as a cohost. The host can also assign the cohost role during a meeting or webinar, including guest attendees. The option to assign the role appears dimmed for attendees who join from unsupported clients.
Add cohosts
Go to the following sections for instructions on how to add cohosts during a meeting or webinar, when scheduling your meeting or webinar, to your personal room meetings, to an existing meeting or webinar, through the scheduler in Microsoft Outlook, or using Webex Productivity Tools.
Cohost privileges
Cohosts can perform the following tasks:
From the meeting or webinar information page:
Customize the registration form
Approve or reject pending registrants
Change a registrant's approval status
Invite or import panelists (webinar only)
Invite or import attendees
During the meeting or webinar:
Start and host the meeting or webinar

  If the host's account has been deleted or deactivated, the cohost can't run the meeting. The cohost must create a new meeting as the host.
Mute or unmute some or all participants
Permit or prevent attendees unmuting themselves after the host or cohost mutes them
Share multimedia
Move attendees to and from the lobby
Expel attendees
Record
Invite and remind attendees
Manage breakout sessions
Join breakout sessions to help attendees
Lock or unlock the meeting or webinar
If a cohost connects to a video device, the connected device gets assigned the cohost role, too. "You are now a cohost of this meeting" displays on the device and has the same capabilities as the host. You can lock or unlock the meeting, mute all participants, and start or stop recording the meeting, but you can't end the meeting.
Add cohosts during your meeting or webinar

Add cohosts while scheduling a meeting on User Hub



Add cohosts while scheduling a webinar on User Hub

Add cohosts to your Personal Room meetings
Add cohosts to an existing meeting or webinar on your site

Add cohosts to your meetings in Microsoft Outlook for Mac and Windows with the Webex Scheduler
Add cohosts to your meetings in Microsoft Outlook for Windows with Webex Productivity Tools