January 20, 2023 |
33173 view(s) |
45 people thought this was helpful
Learn the Webex Meetings usage report terms and definitions
Understand how to generate and read the information that is in your usage reports as a site administrator.
Site administrators can generate usage reports to view data about previous sessions, such as how many participants attended a session, and how many minutes a session lasted.

  The following terms and definitions are from the exported Session Summary CSV reports.
Site Administration
To generate usage reports from Webex Meetings Site Administration, in the left navigation bar, go to Reports > Common > Usage Report. Choose the information that to include in your report and click Export Report.
For more information about reports, see View Reports for Your Webex Site.
Control Hub
To generate classic usage reports from Control Hub, from the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Reports, select the Classic Reports tab, and select Meeting Usage. Choose the information to include in the report and click Export Report.
For more information about reports, see Use Classic Cisco Webex Meetings Reports.
Report column title
Definition
Comment
Session ID:
Session ID.
Session No.
Session No.
Topic:
Meeting title.
Meeting Type
Session type.
Session Type Code name, including PRO, ONS, TRS, SC3, and so on.
Username
The username or email of the Webex host.
First Name
The first name of the Webex host.
Last Name
The last name of the Webex host.
Date
Meeting date.
Start Time
Meeting start time.
Duration
Meeting duration.
The duration that a meeting is running (not including the time that guests are in the lobby).
Invited
Meeting invitee count.
The number of invitees when the meeting is scheduled online or through the Productivity Tools.
Registered
Number of registered guests.
Attended:
Total number of Webex meeting attendees, including those attendees who join from a computer or mobile device and those attendees who join from telepresence or video devices.
If the meeting is an audio-only meeting, then it's all VoIP + global call-in + domestic call-in + callback.
If the meeting isn't an audio-only meeting, then it doesn't include VoIP + global call-in + domestic call-in + callback attendees.
If the data attendee doesn't enter their attendee ID when they call in from their phone, then this attendee won't be counted twice.
Telepresence devices are counted.
Tele
Telephony type.
PCN: If it's an audio only meeting that isn't scheduled.
HYB: If it's an audio only meeting and has hybrid audio.
Integrated: Allows both PSTN and VoIP.
Standalone: If it's none of the above.
People Mins
Sum of data meeting minutes. The sum of each data attendee x their time in meeting. Doesn't include telephony minutes.
Local toll call-in
Total duration of domestic toll call-in from telephony attendees.
Local toll-free call-in
Total duration of domestic toll free from telephony attendees.
Local Callout
The total duration of domestic callback from telephony attendees.
Intl. Call-in
Total International toll + toll free call-in minutes from telephony attendees.
Intl. Callout
Total International callback minutes from telephony attendees.
Internal. Callout
Operator join conference or internal callback.
Integrated VoIP
Total duration of VoIP minutes from all data attendees.
MPV
Total multipoint video minutes.
Total multipoint video minutes, including desktop/mobile users with video. Excludes telepresence and Tandberg video endpoint minutes.
<the rest are tracking codes>