May 16, 2023 |
39944 view(s) |
202 people thought this was helpful
Webex | Record a meeting in the cloud
Record meetings and events in the cloud to easily access your recordings and share them with anyone you need at anytime.
As the host or cohost of a meeting with a paid Webex account, you can record meetings in the cloud. Your cloud recordings include the participant audio, video, and anything that's shared during the meeting. If you're attending a meeting, you can't record the meeting yourself. Ask the host to record and share the recording with you.

  You can record meetings as a cohost in Webex version 42.12 and later.
If you start a meeting by phone, you can't record it.
If you sync your stage with everyone, the first person that you add to the stage appears in meeting or event recordings instead of the active speaker. If you want to record the active speaker instead of the first person on the stage, contact support.
If you show your camera in front of the presentation when you share content, your camera video won't appear in meeting or event recordings.
To record a Webex Training session, see Recording a Webex Training session.
Recording format
Recordings in the cloud save in MP4 format.
Recording location
When the recording is ready, it saves to your Webex site. The meeting host can access the recording and share them with the cohost or anyone else that needs it. The host also receives an email with all the details to share and play the recording.
If your meeting is associated with a space, the recording link automatically appears in the space where the meeting took place. Everyone in the space is treated as the host and can access the recording.

  Depending on file size and bandwidth, it can take up to 24 hours to receive the recording.
Recording settings
You can select the default screen layout for your recordings so they fit the format and content of your meeting or event. You also have the option to record a transcript of what was said during the meeting.
If your meeting is associated with a space, you can't change the settings.
Desktop
Mobile
1
Click Record and select the cloud option.

  If you don't see the Record button, look for it under More options.
If you subscribe to Webex from your Service Provider, please direct questions about this feature to your Provider’s customer support team.
If you don't see the recording option at all, check out Why can't I record a meeting?
2
Click Record.
3
(Optional) Choose your recording layouts if you want them to be different from your default preferences.
4
When needed, click Record, and do one of the following:
Click Pause and Resume to maintain a single recording.
Click Stop to end your current recording.

  For meetings or events that last many hours, it's a good idea to make multiple recordings for more manageable file size and easier viewing.