February 21, 2023 |
5196 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Webex Assistant for devices
In this article
Webex Assistant for devices gives you a new way to control your Board, Desk, and Room Series devices by using voice commands.
With Webex Assistant for devices, you can use your Board, Desk, and Room Series devices hands free. Just use your voice to initiate tasks without the need to look for a touch controller.
To use Webex Assistant for devices, your device admin needs to enable it for your organization. To find out more about the setup and requirements, see Enable Webex Assistant for devices.


Webex Assistant for devices is available in the following languages:
English
French
Spanish
German
Japanese
Italian
Portuguese (PT)
Portuguese (BR)
The Webex Assistant language depends on which language is selected on the device. If your device is set to another language than listed above, Webex Asssitant for devices responds to English.
You can start using Webex Assistant by saying the wake-word “OK Webex...” and your command. To close Webex Assistant, say "Dismiss".

Webex Assistant doesn't respond when the device is muted. To continue using it, unmute the device from the touch controller or the integrated touchscreen.
What you can do with Webex Assistant for devices
Booking and room information
Start a meeting
Meeting controls
More
Check the room name
Proactive Join: Get prompts to join scheduled meetings
Start and stop wired screen sharing
Find out what Webex Assistant can do
Show the room calendar for that day
Call by name
Start or stop meeting recording
Send feedback to Cisco
Check when the room is available for that day
Call by number
Volume: adjust volume, set default level, mute microphone
Check the time
Book the meeting room
Join scheduled meetings
Turn self-view on or off
Check the date
Extend meeting room booking
Join your Personal Room
Turn Speaker Tracking on or off
Turn Do not disturb mode on or off
Join another person’s Personal Room
End a call or meeting
Answer or reject an incoming call
Use cases
Proactive join
In-room booking
Toggle off and on
Below are some example use cases on how to use Webex Assistant. All Webex Assistant voice commands work similarly to the examples you can find in this article.
Use case 1: What Webex Assistant for devices can help you with
Use case 2: Call from directory

Use case 3: Join another person's Personal Room meeting

Use case 4: Join your Personal Room meeting