May 03, 2023 |
299779 view(s) |
2766 people thought this was helpful
Join a Webex meeting, webinar, or event from a video system
Video meetings are more engaging than audio-only meetings. There are many ways to join meetings from video systems. Using Cisco Systems, Polycom, or other SIP- or H.323-based video systems or a Webex room or desk device, you can easily join a meeting, webinar, or event.
Join by dialing the video address
Dial the video address from the calendar invite or from the meeting information page.
1
Open the virtual keyboard or get the remote control for your video system.
For example, tap Call and then tap the keyboard button on the keypad.
2
Dial the video address in one of the following formats:
<meeting_number>@webex.com for a scheduled Webex meeting
<Personal_Room_ID>.<site_name>@webex.com for an instant or scheduled Webex Personal Room meeting
IP address for an instant or scheduled Webex Personal Room meeting or a scheduled Webex meeting. Enter the meeting number when prompted.
3
Enter the numeric meeting password, if prompted.
You only need the numeric meeting password for scheduled Webex meetings, not Webex Personal Room meetings.
4
When prompted, do the following:
If you’re the host, enter the host key or host PIN, as appropriate, followed by the pound sign # to start the meeting.
If you aren’t the host, enter the pound sign # to join the meeting.
Join by tapping the Join button
If your Webex site and account support joining meetings from Cisco TelePresence systems or Cisco Webex video devices, you can use One Button to Push (OBTP).
To enable OBTP, your site must have the Cisco TelePresence Management Suite and TelePresence Management Suite Extension.
When your TelePresence room is added as a room resource, tap Join Meeting directly on the device.
If the host has not yet joined, you may be asked to enter the host PIN and press # to join the meeting. If a numeric password is required on joining, even if the host has already joined, you must always enter this password followed by # to join.
Join using the Join Webex Button on a Video Device
If the meeting host is running late or can't make it, you can join and host the meeting from a video device. For more information, see Use the Join Webex Button on a Video Device to join Meetings.