April 10, 2023 |
1467 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset administration
You can deploy, monitor, maintain, and troubleshoot Cisco Headsets through Cisco Unified Communications Manger or over Control Hub.
Cisco Headsets are a family of headsets optimized for the Webex App, Webex Devices, Cisco IP Phones, and Cisco Jabber.
The Cisco Headset 320 Series are wired headsets that connect to deivces with a USB or RJ9 port.
The Cisco Headset 520 Series are wired headsets that connect to devices with a USB port or a 3.5 mm audio jack.
The Cisco Headset 530 Series are wired headsets that connect to deivces with a USB or RJ9 port.
The Cisco Headset 560 Series wirelessly communicate with the Standard Base or Multibase. Both bases connected to devices with a USB port or a custom Y-cable. The Multibase can also connect to a device via Bluetooth ®.
The Cisco Headset 720 Series is a series of wireless headsets that use Bluetooth ® connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and devices. The 720 also comes with USB adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth connection. You can also use the included USB cable to connect to devices and charge the headset.
The Cisco Headset 730 is a wireless headset that uses Bluetooth connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and Cisco IP Phones. The Cisco Headset 730 also comes with a USB adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth connection. You can also use the included USB cable to connect to devices and charge the headset.
The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 is a premium wireless headset that uses Bluetooth connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and devices. The B&O Cisco 980 also comes with the USB adapter and USB cable.
Refer to the Cisco Headset Compatibility Guide for complete headset compatibility information.
Use the following links to find information on how to deploy and administer your headsets on Unified Call Manager and Control Hub.
Table 1. Headset Administration on Unified Call Manager
Article
Contents
Headset administration in Call Manger
Learn how to configure and prepare Call Manager for Cisco Headsets.
Headset inventory management in Call Manager
Learn how to track and monitor Cisco Headsets deployed to your site.
Headset template management in Call Manager
Learn about headset templates and how to customize them for your specific Call Manager environment.
Prepare on-premises phones for headsets
Learn how to configure your Cisco IP Phones for use with Cisco Headsets.
Table 2. Control Hub
Article
Contents
Headset administration in Control Hub
Learn how to view headset inventory, generate an inventory report, and remove headsets from Control Hub.
Customize Cisco Headset features in Control Hub
Learn how to configure one or more headsets in Control Hub.
Analytics for your cloud collaboration portfolio
Learn how to access interactive data visualizations on how your headsets are used throughout your organization.
Table 3. Multiplatform phone administration
Article
Contents
Headset management on multiplatform phones
Learn how to manage and upgrade your Cisco Headsets on multiplatform phones.
More information
Cisco Unified Communications Manager Configuration Guides
Get started with Control Hub
Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Administration Guide
Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Multiplatform Phones Administration Guide
Cisco Headsets documentation