January 20, 2023 |
22607 view(s) |
56 people thought this was helpful
Control messaging with external users in your Webex App spaces
To secure your organization's data you may want to control external messaging. You can apply this to everyone, or to specific user groups. You can also control the scope by creating a domain allow list or domain block list. These features require Pro Pack for Control Hub.
How does restricting external messaging work?
When you restrict external messaging for your users (or groups), this is what happens:
Your restrictions apply to all new spaces (spaces created after you change your restriction settings).
We apply your restrictions to your users' participation in existing spaces; both those owned by your organization and those owned by external organizations.
People are prevented from joining spaces if your settings restrict their participation.
We do not retroactively remove users or groups from spaces if your changes would prevent them from joining.
After you have restricted external messaging, users who leave group spaces could be prevented from rejoining. This is because we apply the restrictions as people join.
Your restrictions do not apply to bots.
Which domains are restricted?
You can use the External Communications controls to define a sophisticated policy that meets your organization's requirements, whether those are more permissive or more restrictive.
Allow all external messaging
The most permissive option, which does not restrict messaging with users from external domains.
Allow all domains except the blocked domains
A permissive option, which allows communications with all domains except a list of blocked domains.
Allow selected domains only
A restrictive option, which prevents communications with all domains except a list of allowed domains. If you have an empty allow list, this becomes the most restrictive option. It is equivalent to "Block all external messaging".
Who is affected by the restrictions?
You can further refine your External Communications by defining which user groups are affected by the allow list or block list.
Allow all users except for selected groups
The policy has a wide effect. If you leave the groups list empty, it means all users in your organization are governed by the allow list or block list. Add groups to the list if you want to exempt them from the allow/block list.
Allow selected groups only
The policy has a narrow effect. If you leave the groups list empty, no users are governed by the allow list or block list. You can add groups to the list to include them in the allow/block policy
Block all external messaging
Allow external messaging except for blocked domains
Allow external messaging with specific domains

Prevent users from joining externally-owned spaces
Bulk manage allowed domains
Calls to external organizations