December 23, 2022 |
498 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Microsoft Teams Integration with Dedicated Instance for In-App Calling
Integrate Microsoft Teams messaging with Cisco Calling to enhance the Webex voice and video calls from Microsoft Team. Microsoft Teams support provides multiple features within Dedicated Instance for its end users.
Overview of Calling from Microsoft Teams in Dedicated Instance Solution
Microsoft Teams can be used by Dedicated Instance customers to integrate Microsoft Teams messaging with Cisco Calling. The Cisco Jabber calling application or Cisco Webex calling application for Microsoft Teams is a plug-in application within Microsoft Teams that enables a Microsoft Teams user to make voice and video calls from within the application using the Dedicated Instance service.
The Administrator of the Microsoft Teams service may need to set the policy to allow the Cisco Calling application to be installed. The Microsoft Teams user installs the Cisco Calling application within Microsoft Teams in his/her personal device. Webex application or Jabber must be already installed and registered with Dedicated Instance following all Dedicated Instance requirements. When both installations are done, Microsoft Teams can make calls using Dedicated Instance Call Control.
The Microsoft Teams support provides the following features within Dedicated Instance for its end users:
Make calls directly from the Microsoft Teams client through the Unified CM
Dialing using the dial pad from the calling section of the Microsoft Teams application
Dialing using contact search and dial from the contact card
Use SIP URI and E164 for dialing
Call from the chat window of a user using the call icon of Microsoft Teams
Dial using the speed
Setting Up Microsoft Teams Calling
To use direct calling features from a Microsoft Teams client in Dedicated Instance, follow these procedures to set up Microsoft Teams calling. Refer to Configure Webex Calling for Microsoft Teams for specific configuration settings required for Microsoft Teams.
Install Webex application or Jabber and register with Dedicated Instance. (Partner)

Follow the instructions in Webex Application Integration with Dedicated Instance for In-App Calling to integrate calling via the Unified CM with the Dedicated Instance solution.
Set the policy to allow the Cisco Calling application to be installed, if necessary. (Microsoft Teams administrator)
Install the Cisco Calling plug-in application within Microsoft Teams on the end-user device. (Microsoft Teams user)
Refer to the Webex Help Center for information about using Microsoft Teams to launch voice or video calls from a user device.
Desktop devices
Android and iPhone devices
iPad devices

The end user must be logged into the Cisco Webex Application.
The client-side integration allows partners to support Microsoft Teams for Dedicated Instance with no additional changes to infrastructure or configuration.