August 09, 2023 |
66017 view(s) |
154 people thought this was helpful
What's New in Webex Contact Center
See what’s new for the latest updates in Webex Contact Center. Here’s your first stop to see what features and announcements we're releasing each month.
For a list of resolved bugs, see Resolved issues for Webex Contact Center.
For announcements in older releases of Webex Contact Center, see What's new in Cisco Webex Contact Center 1.0 and What's new in Cisco Customer Journey Platform (R10).
What's new
Coming soon
Aug 01, 2023
Webex Calling support for Next Generation media platform (RTMS)
Webex Contact Center supports Webex Calling with our next generation media platform (RTMS). This service is now available for new customers in regions serviced by our Japan, Australia, US, and Canada data centers. This enables new customers in these regions to use Webex Calling hosted agents with Webex Calling PSTN options (Cloud Connect/Local Gateway). Also, the next generation media platform (RTMS) allows customers to leverage new features like regional media optimization. For more information on the global availability of our next generation media platform, refer to Next Generation media platform.
Aug 01, 2023
Webex Contact Center launch in Canada data center
Webex Contact Center services are now available from our new Canada-based data center. During the onboarding process, customers can select the country of operation that maps to the Canada data center to provision their tenant. Canadian Webex Contact Center customers can integrate directly with the Webex Calling service or via SIP trunk access to dedicated VPOPs based in Canada.
For more information, see Data Locality in Webex Contact Center and Services Setup Wizard.
July 18, 2023
Agent profiles changed to Desktop profiles
As part of the upcoming changes, the Agent Profiles tab in the Provisioning module of the Management Portal is renamed to Desktop Profiles.
For more information, see Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center and CSV definition for bulk operations in Webex Contact Center.
July 18, 2023
Supervisor Desktop inactivity timeout
Administrators can specify an idle inactivity timeout for the supervisors who are signed in to the supervisor desktop. This prevents the supervisors from using licenses indefinitely and blocking the contact center resources.
For more information, see Respond to inactivity timer and Desktop Settings for Webex Contact Center.
July 11, 2023
Support for curved connector lines in Flow Designer
This feature enables a toggle between curved lines and straight lines for each flow. This feature enhances the overall aesthetics as curved lines make flows more intuitive. In complex flows where straight lines tend to overlap making it difficult to trace the connections, curved lines enhance the view of connectors between different activities. For more information, see Create and manage flows.
June 28, 2023
Search capability in Flow Designer
Search capability in Flow Designer enables flow developers to search for variables, activities, expressions, and so on easily and quickly within a flow. Also, this feature helps flow developers find and replace text inputs wherever required in the flow. For more information, see Search entities in a flow.
June 21, 2023
All New Supervisor Desktop
The Webex Contact Center Supervisor Desktop provides a holistic supervisor experience within a centralized interface.
It allows supervisors to manage, monitor, assess, guide, and assist agents. The administrator can customize the Supervisor Desktop with widgets to address specific Contact Center business needs.
The first set of features and capabilities include the following:
Role-based Sign in: Supervisors can choose to sign into the Desktop as a dedicated supervisor or in a dual role as a supervisor and agent. Administrators can configure role-based access for supervisors.
Administrators can configure role-based access for supervisors.
Home Page for Supervisors: Supervisors can track contact center KPIs and metrics in real-time from the Supervisor Desktop Home page.
Team Performance Widget: Supervisors can obtain a 360° view of real-time agent information across teams and perform specific supervisory actions through the Team Performance Widget.
Mid-Call Monitoring: Supervisors can select an agent in the Team Performance widget and choose to monitor an ongoing voice call midway between the agent and customer.
Send 1:1 message to agents (Powered by Webex): Supervisors can select an agent in the Team Performance Widget and quickly guide that agent through a 1:1 message.
Send broadcast message to a team of agents (Powered by Webex): Supervisors can send contextual information to a team of agents through a broadcast message using the Webex app within the Desktop.
Customizable Desktop Layout: Administrators can now control desktop features for supervisors through Desktop layouts. The Supervisor Desktop can be enriched with custom widgets to meet specific contact center requirements.
For more information, see the articles listed under Supervisor. For known issues in Supervisor Desktop, see Known Issues.
June 21, 2023
Enhanced access control for Webex Contact Center user profiles
With this enhancement, user profiles can control access to contact center features such as agent profiles, skills, skill profiles, work types, aux codes, address books, outdial ANI, global variables, desktop layout, and multimedia profiles. The existing administrator and supervisor profiles can have access to these features. Going forward, customers can create custom profiles to restrict access to any of these features. For more information, see Module Settings.
June 9, 2023
Support for Virtual Agent Voice with Dialogflow CX in additional data centers

This feature is in opt-in limited availability (LA). We'll enable this feature for customers only after the necessary review and agreement. To enable this feature in opt-in limited availability, contact your Partner, Customer Success Manager, or Cisco support.
Webex CCAI is now co-located with the Next Generation platform and rolled out in other data centers extending the Virtual Agent Voice feature (Google Dialogflow CX) with Next Generation platform to the UK, EU, Japan, and Australia in addition to the US.
Regionalized media support and rollout of Webex CCAI in additional data centers (Singapore and Mumbai) are currently in progress.
For more information, see Virtual Agent-Voice in Webex Contact Center.
June 6, 2023
A new consolidated Webex Contact Center administrator experience in Control Hub
Webex Contact Center is consolidating all administrative configurations in Control Hub. With this enhancement, Webex Contact Center provides helpful resources and quick links that you can leverage to access the breadth of our Webex Contact Center suite.
You can now easily navigate Webex Contact Center tenant settings through the new left navigation bar in Control Hub:
General settings
Security
Voice
Digital
Desktop
Integrations
Addons
Bulk Operations
You can access your Business Hours in the left navigation to configure your working hours, holiday lists, and overrides.
New Contact Center administrator experience in Control Hub
For more information, see Tenant Settings and Business Hours.
June 6, 2023
Consent-based recording
Some regions require businesses to inform their callers that the call is being recorded for training and quality assurance. To address this, Webex Contact Center introduces consent-based recording for voice call recordings. This feature seeks caller’s input/consent before continuing to record the voice call. Based on the caller’s consent, the system enables/disables recording of the voice call before the agent starts a conversation with the caller.
Consent-based recording feature is a configurable activity that can be enabled/disabled in Flow Designer at the tenant/queue level. The caller’s consent can then be retrieved from Analyzer for further reporting/quality assurance analysis. For more information, see Recording Control.
June 6, 2023
Callback-retry attempts to customer
A successful callback request will lead to positive customer satisfaction (CSAT) score, while an unsuccessful callback request leads to a negative CSAT score. One of the prime reasons for an unsuccessful callback request is that customers aren’t reachable or busy at callback time.
With this feature, flow designers will now be able to:
Connfigure the callback retries, if the first callback attempt is unsuccessful.
Configure a delay timer between the callback requests.
For more information, see CallbackFailed.
June 6, 2023
Customize ANI for different call scenarios
Automatic Number Identification (ANI) is a feature for telecommunication networks to allow telephone users to identify the contacts being dialed. ANI feature provides the phone call recipient with the caller’s phone number. The technology and method used to provide the information depends on the service provider. There are scenarios where the system sends a default ANI to the call recipient which leads to the customer disconnecting the calls as the number is not identified by them. This feature will help the flow developer define the ANI in Flow Control which can be sent to the service provider. This feature is developed considering the legal scenario to not display any random numbers that are not associated with the contact center.
These scenarios are covered as part of this feature:
Inbound Call
Outbound Call
Transfer/Consult
Courtesy Callback
Preview Outbound Campaign
For more information, see Set Caller ID.
June 6, 2023
Change Dial Number or Extension without Signing out of the Desktop
With the new Profile Settings option in Agent Desktop, agents will be able to easily select and personalize their preferred dial number or extension and switch between teams without the need to sign out and sign back in. This streamlined process will enable agents to handle telephony or team changes seamlessly, without any disruptions to their workflow.
May 23, 2023
Empowering you with Customer Journey Data Services

This feature is in Limited Availability (LA) US-only. We’ll enable the feature for a customer only after the necessary review and agreement. To enable the feature in limited availability, please see Journey - Getting Started.
Customer Journey Data service (CJDS) is a next-generation customer journey management service empowering organizations to go from Data to Insights to Action. CJDS enables businesses to capture customer journeys across any channels/application, identify insights and take real-time actions to provide an excellent customer experience.
With CJDS, customers can access our APIs that focus on key aspects of the customer journey.
Listen: Integrate with any data source or third-party applications to listen to disparate data sources.
Identify: Create a dynamic customer profile capturing propensity drivers.
Analyze: Apply different aggregation techniques to all customer data collected.
Act: Use the data/insights within CJDS to dynamically change the flow within Webex Contact Center Flow Control and personalize the customer experience at a granular level. These insights are visible to customer-facing teams in real time through Agent Desktop via the journey widget.
For more information, see Journey - API documentation.
May 17, 2023
Simplified flows to replace old complex digital channel flows
The original flows provided for digital channels integration with Webex Contact Center were somewhat complex. The simplified flows replace the old flows with new and much simpler configurations that help our partners and customers to focus on developing the business logic.
The simplification entails to start a flow with the customary channel specific Incoming Message node, Evaluate node to extract correct fields, followed by Resolve Conversation node that provide clean paths to add business logic for a new interaction.
Old complex flow
New simplified flow
The old complex flows that are currently deployed will continue to work for some time in a deprecated state. Any customer who wishes to deploy new flows will need to add logic to the old shared flows to limit their execution to the old assets only. For more information, see Configure flows for digital channels.
May 02, 2023
Workflows in outdial entry points
Modern businesses have a proactive outreach to convey information, provide customer support, and reduce customer churn. Omnichannel outbound calls provide human interface to businesses leading to better customer experience. Flow developers need flexibility to design and configure outbound communication.
With this enhancement, the following features are supported:
Workflows as part of the call control functionality for outdial entry points.
Flow control activities as part of the workflow for outbound calls.
HTTP Request
Condition
Parse
Set Variable
Business Hours
End Flow
Screen Pop
PreDial event
For more information, see Support for workflows in Outdial Entry Point.
April 25, 2023
MS Dynamics CRM Connector – Support for CIFv2
With this enhancement, Microsoft Dynamics 365 connector will be upgraded to support full compatibility with the latest Channel Integration Framework (CIF) 2.0 standard. With the addition of Dynamics 365 multisession app functionality, agents can experience a desktop embedded within the CRM tool's user interface, without disruption during their navigation.
For more information, see Integrate Webex Contact Center with Microsoft Dynamics 365.
April 18, 2023
Request for a Contact Center Sandbox
A Contact Center Developer Sandbox provides you with administrator access to a licensed Webex organization, with predefined Contact Center assets that allow a partner developer to create and test the capabilities of the Webex platform. You can request for a sandbox by sending an email to wxccdevsupport@webex.com. You'll receive 2 Cisco PSTN numbers, 1 administrator, 2 agents, teams, queues, and more.
After you receive the sandbox, place a call to an entry point, and see the call reflect on the Agent Desktop. For more information, see Webex Contact Center for Developers. Sign in to view the specific page content.
April 18, 2023
Developer support in the Webex Contact Center for Developers portal
Are you a Partner building an integration/solution for Webex Contact Center? Do you have questions or clarifications about Webex Contact Center APIs? Look no further and submit your questions to the developer support queue which is staffed with Webex Contact Center subject matter experts. Open a ticket on Webex Contact Center for Developers > Support.
April 11, 2023
Auto license template support for Contact Center
With this enhancement customers can configure auto license templates at organization or group level to assign contact center licenses to users in Control Hub. Auto license templates support assignment of standard and premium licenses. To learn more about this feature, see Set up automatic license assignments in Control Hub.
April 11, 2023
Webex Contact Center PSTN voice option on Next Generation platform
With this enhancement, customers who purchase the Webex Contact Center PSTN as part of their contact center subscription can onboard to the new Next Generation platform. The onboarding experience remains the same for customers. For more information, see Set up Voice Channel for Webex Contact Center.

This release does not support routing calls to Webex Calling based on-net endpoints.
April 6, 2023
Reduce costs with enhanced ServiceNow connector
With this enhancement, ServiceNow connector for Webex Contact Center is fully compliant with the OpenFrame API. The connector uses Standard Tables for storing activity records replacing the custom tables, resulting in reduced licensing costs. For more information, see Integrate Webex Contact Center with ServiceNow.
March 31, 2023
Microsoft Teams and Webex Contact Center Telephony Integration
Webex Contact Center Telephony Integration for Microsoft Teams combines powerful Contact Center capabilities with Microsoft Phone system. This integration paves the way for an easy interaction between Contact Center agents and the enterprise.
The following are the highlights of this integration:
Allows routing of skill-based inbound calls from Microsoft phone system to the Contact Center agents.
Supports both Microsoft PSTN and third-party direct routing providers.
Enables the agents to directly handle calls from the Microsoft Teams interface.
For more information, see the article Microsoft Teams and Webex Contact Center Telephony Integration.
March 31, 2023
Flow tracing
Flow tracing enables flow developers to get insights in the flow execution paths and easily troubleshoot the flows from within the flow designer console. This feature also enables flow developers to view flow path of activities for any interaction and access detailed activity level information to easily debug flows. For more information, see Flow Tracing.
March 30, 2023
Preferred agent callback
With this enhancement, flow developers can configure the callback to both the agent and the queue based on the agent ID or email ID. Callback activity must be used only after Queue Contact or Queue To Agent for registering callbacks. For more information, see Callback.
March 24, 2023
Partial Response in Virtual Agent - Voice
The partial response feature addresses a key aspect of the user experience by engaging a user during a call. It plays an interim message while the Webhook response takes time to process in the background.
For an AI application (Dialogflow CX) that requires multiple parameters, an API or Webhook request typically takes longer to receive the correct response. During the processing of an API request, an end user is kept completely silent. There is a possibility of the end-user hanging up the call. To prevent this, an interim response must be issued to inform the end customer that their request is still being processed.
This feature enables an AI bot developer to construct a static response that can be communicated back to the end user while their query is still in progress. In the CX bot agent, static messages can be configured for up to 30 seconds. Once the final API response is received, the flow can be continued.

This feature is supported only for the US data center deployment on the Next Generation platform.
For more information, see the Supported Integration section in the Virtual Agent–Voice (VAV) in Webex Contact Center article.
March 21, 2023
Support for Flex 3.0 offer based subscriptions
With this enhancement, customers who subscribe to Webex Contact Center using the new Flex 3 offer will automatically have access to basic digital channels (Chat and Email) using the standard agent license.
Additionally, customers who update to Flex 3 from the Flex or CJP legacy offers also get access to basic digital channels using the standard agent license. For more information, see General Settings for User Profiles and multimedia setting in the Module Settings section.
March 7, 2023
Zendesk CRM Connector - Automatic CRM field updates
The new enhancement to Zendesk connector enables agents to be more efficient by saving time with every interaction. It automatically prepopulates Webex Contact Center Call Associated Data (CAD variables) both local and global variables into the Zendesk ticket fields. You can customize the mapping between the CAD variables and CRM fields.
February 28, 2023
Upgrade tenants using vPOP bridge on Classic platform to Next Generation platform
Customers using Voice POP Bridge telephony on the Classic platform can upgrade to the new Next Generation platform. To enable the upgrade feature for your customer organization, contact Cisco Solution Assurance. For more information, see Upgrade from Classic platform to Next Generation platform.
February 26, 2023
Regional media support extended to additional regions
Webex Contact Center now extends support for regional media to London, Frankfurt, Mumbai and Singapore data centers. Regional media allows customer and agent media (audio and SIP signaling) to remain local to a geographic region regardless of where the Webex Contact Center tenant or home location resides. Keeping the media local to a region decreases latency, improves audio quality, and provides unique regionalized configurations for multinational deployments.
For example, if a Webex Contact Center tenant is located in the US region, US calls are hosted in the US, European calls in Europe and Asian calls in Asia. Only control signaling is sent from the media region to the business logic of the contact center in the US.
Regional media is available to customers using Webex Contact Centers that are provisioned with the Next Generation platform media handling.
February 22, 2023
Increased Contact limit for Address Book
The limit of maximum contacts per Address Book is increased from the current value of 150 to 6,000. Agents can select or search Contacts as usual from the Address Book on the Agent Desktop.
February 21, 2023
Virtual Agent Voice with Dialogflow CX
We have introduced the Virtual Agent Voice (VAV) feature to enhance self-service capability within IVR flow. The VAV feature provides speech-based conversational capability while integrating with Google Dialogflow platform.
The flow designer introduces Virtual Agent Voice activity. You can configure this activity to integrate with the Dialogflow CX bot. With this integration, the contact center allows callers to have a voice-based conversational experience along with DTMF or touchtone inputs. For more information, see the Virtual Agent–Voice (VAV) in Webex Contact Center article.

This feature is supported only for the US data center deployment on the Next Generation platform.
February 21, 2023
Custom events in Virtual Agent Voice with Dialogflow CX
Custom events and custom payload features will be introduced to provide a better end-user experience and control over a conversation while interacting with the Virtual Agent Voice – CX bot. The custom payload feature helps to send payload information from the Google CX application to the client side for processing. The custom event feature helps to select a particular event to be invoked under the CX application using the client-side API. For more information, see the Virtual Agent–Voice (VAV) in Webex Contact Center article.

This feature is supported only for the US data center deployment on the Next Generation platform.
February 13, 2023
Upgrade Webex Contact Center 1.0 vPOP to Next Generation platform
The Webex Contact Center 1.0 to Webex Contact Center upgrade allows you to use the Next Generation platform on Webex Contact Center.
The upgrade allows customers to use vPOP based voice option for Next Generation platform. Other PSTN options will be available on the Next Generation platform in future releases. For more information, see Upgrade from Webex Contact Center 1.0 to Webex Contact Center.
February 7, 2023
Enhance scheduling experience using Business Hours
Business Hours enables administrators to configure working and nonworking hours for your organization specific to your timezone. Nonworking hours include holidays and emergency off hours during which contact center service will be unavailable. With this feature, flow developers get more flexibility to define a single workflow per entry point to handle both working and nonworking hours by using the Business Hours activity. For more information, see Business Hours.
We recommend new customers to use Business Hours feature to assign a flow at entry point level. However, existing customers can still continue to use the Routing Strategy feature to connect to an entry point in a flow until it is decommissioned.
January 31, 2023
Customize ANI (Automatic Number Identification) for Courtesy Callback
This feature allows the customer to opt to receive a callback when all agents are busy. Administrators or flow developers can choose to customize the ANI for the customer call leg for courtesy callback.
With this enhancement, administrators or flow developers can select the Static ANI number (from the dropdown list of available Entry Point-Dial Numbers) or Variable ANI (variable defined as a valid E.164 number, with a valid Entry Point-Dial Number mapping) in the Courtesy Callback activity in Flow Designer.
For more information, see Callback.
January 25, 2023
Optimize flows with error handling paths
Flow designer brings in a mechanism to configure error handling paths to optimize the flow. This feature enables an error exit for every activity so that the failures can be handled gracefully as desired by the flow developer. Flow Designer informs the flow developers about the system and activity errors that occurred while configuring activities. If the flow encounters any errors other than these predefined errors, the flow takes the path defined in the Undefined Error node of that activity. This error node sets the error output path that the flow takes when there are undefined system errors during flow execution. Moreover, if there’s no error handling path configured for the activity, the flow uses the default path that is configured in the OnGlobalError event handler in the Event Flows tab. For more information, see Error Handling.
January 10, 2023
Customizable and responsive header in Agent Desktop
With this enhancement, administrators can customize the order, position, and visibility of the widgets and actions in the Agent Desktop header. Agents experience better header responsiveness across different screen sizes.
For more information, see advancedHeader.
2022








2021











2020