October 25, 2022 |
8539 view(s) |
68 people thought this was helpful
What is Webex Go
In this article
Webex Go extends Webex Calling to the built-in dialer of an end user’s phone, by leveraging eSIM technology. Once Webex Go eSIM has been activated successfully, end users will have a Webex branded mobile network, dedicated for business calling on their device.
Overview
Webex Go brings together the power of Webex collaboration and enterprise calling with the familiar, intuitive user experience of any mobile device. By enabling their business line built-in on their mobile device, users can make and answer business calls and take advantage of enterprise-grade calling features without the use of an Webex App. IT admins can centrally manage provisioning and managing these devices in Control Hub and apply policies such as compliance recording providing enterprise-level control and security.
Benefits
Caller
Convenience of using mobile phone built-in dialer for business calls
Flexibility of making and answering business calls from anywhere
Privacy of personal identity by using business phone number on mobile built-in dialer
High call quality with the use of cellular voice network
Availability of enterprise-grade calling features such as extension dialing, business voicemail, call recording and more
Single business number across Webex devices, Webex App, Webex Go, and unified view of user presence across these endpoints
Use Webex App to elevate an in-progress Webex Go call to meeting and more.
IT administrator
Provisioning and management of Webex Go from Control Hub
Availability of IT compliance and control capabilities (call recording, call logs)
Prerequisites for Webex Go
Available to users on Webex Calling in U.S. or UK region and U.S. or UK locations
Organization should have Webex Go licenses (paid or trial)
Supported on unlocked, eSIM compatible mobile phones
Sold through Webex Calling certified partners
How Webex Go Works?
Webex Go extends Webex Calling to the built-in dialer of an end user’s phone, by leveraging eSIM technology. Once Webex Go eSIM has been activated successfully, end users will have a Webex branded mobile network, dedicated for business calling on their device. The Webex network provider connects to the Webex calling platform to route business calls and provide access to enterprise-grade calling features built-in on the mobile phone. From the platform standpoint, Webex Go is treated as a SIP registered device, making it another endpoint where Webex business calls are delivered.