August 18, 2021 |
1138 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Analytics for Your Webex for Government Portfolio
Analytics in Cisco Webex Control Hub give administrators access to interactive data visualizations that show important information, such as usage and adoption trends. Explore data as it automatically adapts to parameters that you specify in real-time.
View Analytics
Meetings
Messaging
Calling
Devices
Reports
As a full administrator, read-only administrator, or support administrator of an organization, you have access to various charts, graphs, and reports in Control Hub, depending on your deployment. You can use this information to evaluate how Webex services and devices are being used in your organization and how often. For example, you can use analytics to track and measure services in your cloud collaboration portfolio.
Historical charts and graphs are standard in Control Hub. Most charts and graphs are available in daily, weekly, and monthly format. All charts are in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT). The amount of data you have access to depends on the type of customer you are. If you're a standard customer, you have access to 3 months of data. If you're a Pro Pack customer, you have access to 13 months of data.

Data for the Quality tab in Meetings Analytics only goes back to June 30, 2021. Data for the rest of the tabs in Meetings Analytics goes back to January 1, 2021.
Analytics data, except for Meetings, is batch processed each day. Data is made available within 24 hours and metrics are available by 1:00PM GMT the next day. Meetings data is updated every 10 minutes.
1
To view your Analytics data:
From the customer view in https://admin-usgov.webex.com, go to Analytics, and then click Meetings, Messaging, Calling, or Devices.
2
Select which date range you want to view the data for with the calendar date selector.

  If the charts don't load, enable third-party cookies in your browser. If you prefer to control which third-party cookies your browser accepts, you can add *.webex.com to the list of exceptions.
If third-party cookies are already enabled, try clearing your browser cache.
3
To save an individual chart or graph, click the more button, and then choose a file type.
If you choose CSV, you'll export all of the data for the selected chart. If you select PNG or PDF, you get a copy of the data shown on the screen only.