December 08, 2021 |
30103 view(s) |
123 people thought this was helpful
Webex Meetings integration with Slack
The Webex Meetings integration lets you start and join a Personal Room or scheduled meeting directly from the Slack app. Easily share your Personal Room link, or link to a scheduled meeting in a channel. You can also click the call button to instantly start a meeting and share your Personal Room link to the channel.
What's new
Webex Meetings for Slack feature announcements are included in What's new for the latest channel of Webex Meetings, which updates each month for every new release. Make sure to subscribe to it so you can stay up-to-date.
View archive (41.5 and older) here.
Install and setup
Before Slack users can use Meetings, Webex site administrators must enable the integration before your Slack administrator can install the app. Users also need to have a host account on a valid Webex site. Slack administrators, workspace owners, and Webex site administrators can follow the steps below to get Meetings up and running.
Install and set up Webex Meetings for Slack

Accounts on meetings.webex.com, meetingsln.webex.com, and Meetings server sites are not supported.
Known issues
These are the current known issues for Webex Meetings for Slack. Check back occasionally for updates.
Known issues for Webex Meetings integration with Slack
Meetings integration
Now that you're all set up, get acquainted with the Meetings app commands and scheduling meetings in Slack. View a list of upcoming meetings and easily join when you're ready. You can also start or cancel meetings you scheduled.
Schedule, start, and join Webex Meetings

The Meetings integration uses the timezone and language set in your Slack preferences.
Submit feedback
In a channel or direct message, type /webexhelp feedback, or email us at slack-webex-app-feedback@cisco.com.
Contact support
Contacting support varies depending on your Webex site and service provider. If you purchased Meetings through a partner or reseller, contact their support desk for assistance. Refer to this article for reaching support.