January 20, 2023 |
182 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset 320 Series product safety and security
Cisco Headset 320 Series is a set of headsets designed for seamless integration with other Cisco soft clients and devices.
Safety and Performance Information
Important Headset Safety Information
High Sound Pressure—Avoid listening to high volume levels for long periods to prevent possible hearing damage.
When you plug in your headset, lower the volume of the headset speaker before you put the headset on. If you remember to lower the volume before you take the headset off, the volume will start lower when you plug in your headset again.
Don't allow moisture to get inside your ear cups, the USB-C port, or the 3.5 mm jack.
Be aware of your surroundings. When you use your headset, it may block out important external sounds, particularly in emergencies or in noisy environments. Don’t use the headset while driving. Don’t leave your headset or headset cables in an area where people or pets can trip over them. Always supervise children who are near your headset or headset cables.
External Devices
We recommend that you use good-quality external devices that are shielded against unwanted radio frequency (RF) and audio frequency (AF) signals. External devices include headsets, cables, and connectors.
Depending on the quality of these devices and their proximity to other devices, such as mobile phones or two-way radios, some audio noise may still occur. In these cases, we recommend that you take one or more of these actions:
Move the external device away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Route the external device cables away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Use shielded cables for the external device, or use cables with a better shield and connector.
Shorten the length of the external device cable.
Apply ferrites or other such devices on the cables for the external device.
Cisco cannot guarantee the performance of external devices, cables, and connectors.

  In European Union countries, use only external speakers, microphones, and headsets that are fully compliant with the EMC Directive [89/336/EC].
UL Warning
The LAN/Ethernet cable or other cables attached to the device should not be extended outside of the building.
Product Label
The product label is located on the bottom of the device.
Compliance Statements
Compliance Statements for the European Union
CE Marking
The following CE mark is affixed to the equipment and packaging.
Compliance Statements for the USA
FCC Compliance Statements
The Federal Communications Commission requires compliance statements for the following statements.
FCC Part 15.19 Statement
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
FCC Part 15.21 Statement
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC Receivers and Class B Digital Statement
This product has been tested and complies with the specifications for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used according to the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which is found by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna
Increase the separation between the equipment or devices
Connect the equipment to an outlet other than the receiver's
Consult a dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for assistance
Compliance Statements for New Zealand
Permit to Connect (PTC) General Warning
The grant of a Telepermit for any item of terminal equipment indicates only that Spark NZ has accepted that the item complies with minimum conditions for connection to its network. It indicates no endorsement of the product by Spark NZ, nor does it provide any sort of warranty. Above all, it provides no assurance that any item will work correctly in all respects with another item of Telepermitted equipment of a different make or model, nor does it imply that any product is compatible with all of Spark NZ network services.
Compliance Information for Japan
VCCI Compliance for Class B Equipment