January 24, 2023 |
86331 view(s) |
122 people thought this was helpful
Pro Pack For Control Hub
Pro Pack for Control Hub add-on service provides your administrators, information security professionals, and compliance officers with advanced functionality in security, compliance, and analytics that can integrate with your software.
Security
End-to-end encryption is standard for all Webex App customers. But, if you're in a highly regulated industry, Pro Pack features allow you to further control data security and retrieval. The advanced security in Pro Pack provides you with the following customer-controlled security options:
Hybrid Data Security—Manage your encryption keys, decryption keys, and other security services in your own secure on-premises datacenter. For more information, see Hybrid Data Security.
Custom Security Settings for the Webex App App
Block External Communication—To secure your organization's data and prevent data being shared outside of your organization, you can control whether people can communicate in spaces with anyone outside of your organization. For more information, see Block External Users in Webex Spaces for Your Organization.
PIN lock enforcement—To ensure that content is secure on mobile devices, you can set up a PIN lock. After PIN lock has been enabled, people can only use Webex App on mobiles with PINs or lock screens. For more information, see Set Up Security for Mobile Devices.
Revoke access—When people lose their mobile phone, or somebody leaves your organization, you can remotely revoke their access and wipe any cached Webex App content from their mobile phones. For more information, see Revoke a User's Access to Webex.
File Share Controls—You can control how people share files in Webex App. If you want to prevent data loss, eliminate malware concerns, and apply policy controls on Webex App, you can restrict users from downloading, previewing and uploading files to Webex App. For more information, see Prevent People Sharing Files
Compliance
There are a variety of compliance capabilities in both the Standard and Pro Pack offers. Both offers enable your company to comply with corporate data policies, support legal requirements for data extraction, and provide an added layer of data security. You can integrate this added layer of security with your enterprise Data Loss Prevention (DLP) and archival systems.
eDiscovery search and extraction tool—While standard Webex App customers have access to only 90 days of content, Pro Pack customers can access unlimited data within Webex App spaces. Use email addresses, space IDs, keywords, and specific time limits to narrow the search. For more information, see Ensure Regulatory Compliance of Webex App Content.
Events API for DLP and Archival—Whether you're a standard customer or a Pro Pack customer, you can use the Events API to integrate with your existing Data Loss Prevention (DLP) software. You can even check for policy violations and take action to resolve any issues. However, if you're a Pro Pack customer, you can monitor events that occurred more than 90 days ago. Events include posting messages, files, and adding users to spaces. You can also use the Events API to integrate with your existing archiving software to archive an unlimited amount of Webex App data.
For more information, see Webex App integration with archiving and DLP solutions and https://developer.webex.com.
Real-time file DLP—With ProPack, the Compliance Officer and DLP system have access to real-time file DLP inspection and mitigation.
Real-time file DLP is proactive in sending webhooks and allowing the DLP system to scan the file before it can be accessed by anyone in a space.
Flexible Retention policy—If you're a Pro Pack customer, you can set retention times for content that is created and shared by people in Webex App to align with your organization's policies. Any data older than the retention time is removed and irretrievable.
For more information, see Set the Retention Policy for Your Organization.
Legal Hold—If you're a Pro Pack customer, you can use legal hold to ensure that information needed during a litigation is not deleted by your retention policy.
For more information, see Manage Compliance Data with Legal Hold.
Analytics
You can use the analytics in Pro Pack to gain greater visibility and provide detailed insight into data for user adoption and usage. You can view up to 13 months of data and drill down into that data. This data view can reveal how you can best focus on user adoption, optimizing resources, and understanding trends in the business.
For more information, see Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio and Use Classic Meetings Reports.
Difference Between Standard and Pro Pack Services
Standard
Pro Pack
Security
Hybrid Data Security on-premises key management
Yes
Custom security settings
Yes
Compliance
eDiscovery search and extraction tool
90 days of data available
Unlimited data available
Events API
90 days of data available
Unlimited data available
Retention policy
Unlimited data stored
Flexible retention policy
Legal Hold
Yes
Analytics
Reports
90 days of data available
Up to 13 months of data available
Report with drill-down and discovery
Yes
Yes
More detailed drill-down available for participants.
Real-time meeting diagnostics
Yes
Yes
Further Information
Pro Pack for Control Hub is an add-on available with certain plans. For more information, contact your Cisco partner or review the Cisco Collaboration Flex Plan Ordering Guide.