August 11, 2023 |
312273 view(s) |
1913 people thought this was helpful
How Do I Contact Webex Customer Services or Technical Support?
If you need help with your Webex service, contact Cisco Webex Support or your partner support desk.
How do I contact Webex customer services or technical support?
How do I submit a support ticket?
How do I contact Webex technical support?
Solution:
The contact information to get support for your Webex service varies depending on your Webex site and service provider.

Webex Meetings, Training, Events, and Support
To contact support for your Webex site or service:
Browse to your Webex site. (example: SITENAME.webex.com)
Click Support in the left panel:
Follow the instructions on the page that appears to contact the support team.
If you're using the Classic View
Browse to your Webex site. (example: SITENAME.webex.com)
Click on the tab for the Webex service you are using. (example: Webex Events, Webex Training):
In the left navigation bar, expand Support.
Depending on your site configuration, do one of the following:
Click on Contact Us.
Click on Help, then expand Contact Support.
Refer to the links and phone numbers listed on this page for specific Webex support contact information.
The page will also provide links to submitting web support tickets.

Webex app 

If you can log in:
Click or tap on your profile avatar image.
Select Help > Send Feedback.
Fill out the form to open a ticket with support.
If you are unable to log in:
From the login page, tap or click on Get Help.
Follow the instructions on the screen to open a support case or contact support.

If you do not know your Webex URL:

You can click on the following link: Contact Support Page. Select one of the options on the page to contact an expert.

The Technical Services Resource Guide can be found at Technical Services Resource Guide 

To get a status update or escalate the case, you can use either of the following:
Cisco TAC Connect Bot:
Connect with me via TAC Connect Bot: https://tacconnect.cisco.com/ 
Webex: tac.connect@webex.bot
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/services/tac-connect-bot/index.html
Contact the Case Owner's Manager via Phone/Email mentioned in the email signature.
Cisco TAC Duty Manager (24/7) - Duty Manager