January 20, 2023 |
29170 view(s) |
144 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Find people, spaces, messages, files, and devices
You can search through the history of your conversations in Webex App to find people, spaces, messages, files, and even devices. You can search on everything, including space names, or refine your search with the filters, to narrow the results. And you can even make a call from the search results.
If your administrator adds external contacts, these contacts appear in search results.
Desktop
Mobile
Web
The Webex App also searches contacts in Microsoft Outlook on Windows or your local address book on Mac, any search results are included in the lists.
1
In the app header, click Search, meet, and call, and enter specific text, another Webex user, an email or video address for a person or a room device, and even the name of the space you're looking for.

  You can even make a call from there. After you enter a name, email address, or video address, just press Enter to make the call.
2
Click to easily sort through the results using the lists of Messages, Files, People, and Spaces that match your text. To help you find a space, you can see the timestamp for the last message in that space.
Refine your search further by clicking , and then choose from the following:
In:—Enter the name of the space and choose a space from the list.
From:—Enter the person's name and select the person from the list.
With:—Enter the person's name and select the person from the list. The results include spaces you are in with this person. The results are ordered by the number of people in the space, starting with the smallest. For multiple spaces with the same number of people, these spaces are then ordered by the spaces with the most recent message.

  You can type In:, From:, or With: directly in the search area, and then pick from the list to narrow your search.
You can use the In: and From: filters together. You can only use the With: filter on its own.

  You can also call someone directly in your results list.
3
Click Cancel to exit from your search.