July 11, 2023 |
6609 view(s) |
15 people thought this was helpful
Site survivability for Webex Calling
In this article
Site Survivability ensures that your business is always reachable, even if your network connection to Webex breaks. Site Survivability uses a gateway in your local network to provide a fallback calling service to on-site endpoints for situations where the network connection to Webex breaks.
How it works

Webex Calling Survivability Gateway features are available with Cisco IOS XE Cupertino 17.9.3a release and from Cisco IOS XE Dublin 17.11.1.
By default, Webex Calling endpoints operate in Active mode, connecting to the Webex cloud for SIP registration and call control. However, if the network connection to Webex breaks, endpoints switch automatically to Survivability mode and registrations fall back to the Survivability Gateway within the local network. While endpoints are in Survivability mode, the Survivability Gateway provides a basic backup calling service for those endpoints. After the network connection to Webex resumes, call control and registrations revert to the Webex cloud.
While endpoints are in Survivability mode, you can make the following calls:
Internal calling (intrasite) between supported Webex Calling endpoints
External calling (incoming and outgoing) using a local PSTN circuit or SIP trunk to external numbers and E911 providers
The following image shows a network failure scenario where the connection to Webex is broken and endpoints at the Webex site are operating in Survivability mode. In the image, the Survivability Gateway routes an internal call between two on-site endpoints without requiring a connection to Webex. In this case, the Survivability Gateway is configured with a local PSTN connection. As a result, on-site endpoints in Survivability mode can use the PSTN for incoming and outgoing calls to external numbers and E911 providers.
Figure 1. Webex Calling endpoints in survivability mode
To use this feature, you must configure a Cisco IOS XE router in the local network as a Survivability Gateway. The Survivability Gateway syncs calling information daily from the Webex cloud for endpoints at that location. If the endpoints switch to Survivability mode, the gateway can use this information to take over SIP registrations and provide basic calling services.
The following conditions apply to the Survivability Gateway:
The Webex cloud includes the Survivability Gateway IP address, hostname, and port in the device configuration file. As a result, endpoints are able to reach out to the Survivability Gateway for registration if the connection to Webex breaks.
The daily call data sync between the Webex cloud and the Survivability Gateway includes authentication information for registered users. As a result, endpoints can maintain secure registrations, even while operating in Survivability mode. The sync also includes routing information for those users.
The Survivability Gateway can route internal calls automatically using the routing information that Webex provides. Add a PSTN trunk configuration to the Survivability Gateway to provide external calling.
Each site that deploys Site Survivability requires a Survivability Gateway within the local network.
Registrations and call control both revert to the Webex cloud once the Webex network connection resumes for at least 30 seconds.
Feature support
Supported features and components


Colocation with Unified SRST
Limitations and restrictions
Feature configuration
Site survivability configuration task flow
Assign survivability service to a gateway

Download config template
Configure licensing

Configure certificates

Configure gateway as a survivability gateway



Complete on-demand sync
Edit Survivability Gateway properties

Configuration examples
PSTN connection examples
Emergency calling example