August 04, 2023 |
22674 view(s) |
121 people thought this was helpful
Advanced scheduling options for meetings and webinars
When you’re scheduling a meeting or webinar, you can choose the basics and get them scheduled with just a few clicks. If you want to have even more control and flexibility over your meetings, use the advanced scheduling options. You can choose to let people join using different types of audio connections, change mute options, add an agenda, cohosts, breakout sessions, and more.
This article applies to Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, and Webex App. It describes the options available when you schedule a meeting or webinar from your Webex site. When you schedule a meeting from Webex App and choose a one-time meeting link, you see a subset of these options.
Meetings
Webinars
You can access these advanced options when you schedule your meeting.
Option How to use
Cohosts
Choose from the following options:
Let me choose cohosts for this meeting
The first person to join the meeting who has a host account on this site becomes a cohost
All attendees who have host accounts on this site become cohosts when they join the meeting
Video Systems
Allow authenticated video systems in your organization to start and join the meeting.
Automatic recording
Ever forgot to record a meeting? Select this option when you're scheduling a meeting so that you don't have to worry about that. Your meeting automatically records right when it starts.
Interpretation
Have more inclusive meetings by creating different language channels and assigning interpreters so that attendees can understand in their preferred language.

  Enabling interpretation disables breakout sessions.
Breakout sessions
Allow participants to break out into smaller groups during your meeting so they can collaborate and share ideas. You can preassign the number of sessions and choose whether to automatically or manually create breakout sessions.
Check out this article for more information about breakout sessions.
Anonymous meeting
Choose whether to show anonymous display names for attendees instead of their original names.
Registration
Choose whether attendees must register before they can join your meeting.

  You can't use registration with recurring meetings or if you select the Join before host option. If you select these options, it disables registration for the meeting, and any previous attendee registrations get permanently deleted. To recover these attendee registrations, contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center.
You can set a registration cap, automatically accept all registrations, and even customize your registration form.

  If you have a 1000, 3000, or 5000-user plan, you can accept a maximum of 10,000 registrations. If you have a 10,000, 25,000, 50,000, or 100,000-user plan, you can accept 20% more registrations than your plan allows. For example, if you have a 10,000-user plan, you can accept a maximum of 12,000 registrations.
Although you can accept more registrations than your plan allows, only the number of attendees allowed by your plan can join your meeting. For example, if you have a 10,000-user plan, only 10,000 users can join. If you have a 1000, 3000, or 5000-user plan, only 1000, 3000, or 5000 users can join, respectively.
Customizations include creating your own questions to include in the registration for this event and your future events. You can also preview your custom registration form before you save it.
Check out this article for more information about registration.
Email reminder
We all get busy doing other things and can easily lose track of time. Send yourself a reminder before the meeting starts so you don't miss it.

  The reminder only gets sent to the meeting host.
Meeting options
You can specify what you want attendees to be able to do during a meeting. You can allow attendees to use meetings features such as posting a message to the chat window for all to see and taking notes.
Attendee privileges
You can give attendees some specific privileges such as being able to share content. We've made some common selections for you but you can make any adjustments you need to.