April 26, 2021 |
1433 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
Cisco VoIP Emergency Calling Policy
Read this policy before you initiate your service.
The following Emergency Calling Policy provides important information about the limitations of emergency calling using a VoIP service, as well as Your and Your Users’ obligations when making emergency calls using VoIP. You are required to read and consent to the following Emergency Calling Policy prior to initiating the service.
The terms “You” and “User” in this Emergency Calling Policy have the meaning given to them in the applicable terms.
Emergency calling from the Cisco VoIP service operates differently than traditional emergency calling services. Cisco VoIP allows You to make or receive telephone calls over the Internet to or from the public switched telephone network. Though VoIP services are similar to traditional telephone services, the nature of VoIP services creates unique limitations and circumstances for emergency calling.
1. Registered Location
Because a VoIP call can be made anywhere a User has an Internet connection, the caller’s telephone number will not necessarily correspond with the caller’s physical location. All customers must therefore provide Cisco with a “Registered Location” for each User when VoIP service is set up. The “Registered Location” is the street address where the Users will be using the VoIP service.
If You or Your Users move the equipment used to make VoIP calls to a new location, You or Your Users must immediately update the Registered Location with the new physical location of the device in Control Hub. If the Registered Location is not updated, any emergency calls made from the device may be sent to the wrong emergency response center and will transmit incorrect location information to emergency responders, delaying emergency assistance. Customers with multiple Users are responsible for ensuring that an accurate and up-to-date Registered Location is maintained for each User, and that their Users are aware of how the Registered Location can be changed. There may be a delay in making the updated Registered Location available for routing and to emergency call centers.
You are responsible for notifying, and You agree to notify, any User or potential Users of the VoIP services of the nature and limitations of emergency calls on VoIP services as described in this Policy.
2. Emergency Call Routing
Emergency calls through the VoIP service will be handled differently than traditional phone service. When Your Users make an emergency call, Cisco (and/or a third party service provider) will attempt to automatically route Your User’s call to the emergency call center corresponding to the Registered Location on Your or Your User’s account. If Your User’s call cannot be routed to the designated emergency call center, the call will be routed to a specialized call center. Your User may be required to provide a name, address, and telephone number to the specialized call center.
Cisco will attempt to automatically provide the emergency call center dispatcher or emergency service operator with the name, Registered Location and telephone number associated with Your or Your User’s account. It is possible that the dispatcher receiving the call may not be able to capture or retain this information. Therefore, when making an emergency call, callers should always immediately inform the dispatcher of their location (or the location of the emergency, if different). If a caller is unable to speak and the caller’s location information is not up to date, the dispatcher may not be able to locate the caller.
Callers should remain on any emergency call until told to disconnect by the dispatcher, as the dispatcher may not have the caller’s number or contact information. If a caller is inadvertently disconnected, the caller should call back immediately.
For technical reasons, including network congestion, it is possible that an emergency call will produce a busy signal or will take longer to connect when compared with traditional emergency calls.
3. Service Limitations
Emergency calling from will not work if:
The equipment You or Your Users use to make VoIP calls fails or is not configured correctly.
You or Your Users are experiencing a power outage or an outage, suspension or disconnection of Your Internet service.
Your Cisco VoIP service has been terminated or suspended.
If You or Your Users are not comfortable with the limitations of emergency calls made using a VoIP service, Cisco recommends that You or Your Users consider an alternate means for accessing traditional emergency calling services.
4. Liability
We invite You to carefully review the limitations of liability for emergency calling services included in Your terms.
Handset Sticker
Cisco recommends applying a sticker printed with the below language to any handsets used with Cisco VoIP service:
ATTENTION
When dialing 9-1-1, be prepared to provide your address/location.