January 20, 2023 |
4022 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
What's New in Cisco Headsets
Get an overview of new and upcoming features available in Cisco's headsets.
What's New
Coming Soon
Earlier releases
We're working to improve your device experience. Check back later learn more about the major updates available for your device. We update the article each time there is a new feature.
October
Cisco Headset 720 Series
The Cisco Headset 720 Series is a series of wireless headsets that use Bluetooth ® connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients, desk devices, and Cisco IP Phones. The headset features full call control and music playback capabilities for use in a busy office environment. The Cisco Headset 720 Series supports full call integration with the Webex App, Webex Meetings, Cisco IP phones, and Webex Desk devices.
For more information, see Get started with the Cisco Headset 720 Series.
Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 replacement ear pads
Cisco is pleased to announce that you can now order replacement ear pads for your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 in both First Light and Black Anthracite.
For installation instructions, see Replace your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 ear pads.
September
Cisco Headset 320 Series
The Cisco Headset 320 Series is a set of headsets designed for seamless integration with other Cisco soft clients and devices. The Cisco Headset 321 features a single earpiece for extended use and comfort, while the Cisco Headset 322 features a full stereo experience for busy workplaces. Both headsets offer easy plug-and-play integration with the Webex App, Cisco IP Phones, Cisco Jabber, and Cisco Room Devices.
Both headsets feature an RJ9 connector option for use on most Cisco IP phones. With the RJ9 connector, the headset works like other headsets that plug into the headset port on the phone.
For more information, see Get started with the Cisco headset 320 Series.
Headset Local Settings in Webex App
You can now find your headset information in Webex App. You can also customize general headset settings such as headset behavior on and off the charging stand, audio settings such as equalizer and sidetone, and audio notifications.
June
New headset color option
Cisco is pleased to announce a sleek new color option for the Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980: Black Anthracite. Adding to the previously released, First Light, the new B&O Cisco 980 design is orderable now.
For more information, see the Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 product page.
April
Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980
The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 is a premium over-ear headset that delivers superior design, outstanding audio, and leading business communications. The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 uses Bluetooth® connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and devices. The headset features basic call control and music playback capabilities in addition to Bang & Olufsen's powerful audio enhancement systems. The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 supports call integration with the Webex App, Webex Meetings, Cisco Jabber, and Webex Desk Devices.
The Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 comes with the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth solution. The headset can also connect to devices via the included USB-C to USB-A cable. The cable also acts as a charging cable and can connect to any powered USB port.
For more information, see the Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 product page.
January
Personalize your headset name in the Cisco Headsets app
You can give your Cisco Headset 730 a unique name through the Cisco Headsets mobile app. The name change saves to the headset and appears in any Bluetooth device list. You can return your headset to the default name anytime through the Reset Settings button in the app.
Bluetooth pairing mode enhancement
We've improved the Bluetooth pairing experience on the Cisco Headset 730. Now you can enter pairing mode with two active Bluetooth connections. When you connect to the new device, the headset automatically disconnects and saves the older connection.
Factory reset your Cisco Headset 730
You can now initiate a full factory reset of you Cisco Headset 730. A factory reset completely wipes all saved Bluetooth connections and reverts all saved headset settings to the default value.
End calls on the headset charging stand
You can now end an active call when you place your headset securely in the Cisco Headset 730 charging stand. This feature is enabled by default, but you can disable it through the Cisco Headsets mobile app.