May 05, 2023 |
17145 view(s) |
47 people thought this was helpful
End-to-end encryption with identity verification for Webex meetings
Zero-Trust Security from Webex provides end-to-end encryption and strong identity verification in your scheduled and personal room meetings.
You must enable video devices at both the site and user levels for end-to-end encryption to work.
Webex for Government supports end-to-end encrypted meetings in Webex App and Webex Meetings.
Overview
Devices
User
Compare Webex End-to-End Encryption and Zero-Trust End-to-End Encryption
The Webex Suite offers two types of end-to-end encryption (E2EE):
Webex End-to-End Encryption — Security for messaging and user-generated content.
Zero-Trust End-to-End Encryption — Security for meetings (the main content of this article).
Both types provide an extra layer of encryption that safeguards data from interception attacks, but they differ in the levels of confidentiality that they offer.
Webex End-to-End Encryption
Webex End-to-End Encryption uses the Webex Key Management System* (KMS) to manage encryption keys for Webex messaging, file sharing, calendar, and whiteboarding services.
Data is encrypted in transit and at rest.
Webex App encrypts all user-generated content, such as messages, files, and whiteboards, before transmitting it over TLS.
This encrypted content is stored on encrypted content servers in the Webex cloud.
This additional layer of security protects user data in transit from TLS interception attacks, and stored user data from potential bad actors in the Webex cloud.
The Webex cloud can use encryption keys, but only to decrypt data as required for core services such as:
Message indexing for search functions
Data loss prevention
File transcoding
eDiscovery
Data archival
For more information, see Zero-Trust Security for Webex.
* By default, our cloud-based KMS generates and distributes encryption keys. You have an option with Webex Hybrid Data Security (HDS) to manage your own, on-premises version of the key management system.
Zero-Trust End-to-End Encryption
Webex uses Zero-Trust End-to-End Encryption to offer higher levels of security and confidentiality in meetings.
Zero-Trust End-to-End Encryption uses the Messaging Layer Security (MLS) protocol to exchange information so that participants in a Webex Meeting can create a common meeting encryption key.
The meeting encryption key is only accessible to the participants in the meeting. The Webex service can't access the meeting key—hence "Zero-Trust."
Scope of Zero-Trust security for Webex Meetings
Zero-Trust security for Webex supports the following in end-to-end encrypted meetings:
Standards-based, formally verified cryptography.
Webex Room Devices (Room Series, Desk Series, and Webex Board).
End-to-end encryption (E2EE) in Personal Room meetings.
A security icon which lets all meeting participants know at a glance that their meeting is secure, and when end-to-end encryption is enabled for the meeting.
Verbal verification of meeting attendees using a new Security Verification Code.
Up to 1000 participants.
Participants joining from a device must be one of the first 205 participants.
Local recording.
Save meeting chat and notes locally.
In Webex App, you can join the meeting using your computer audio only (PSTN-based Call me/Call is not supported).
Zero-Trust security does not support the following in meetings:
Older Webex devices, such as the SX, DX, and MX Series.
Features provided by Cisco cloud services that require access to decrypted media, including:
Network-Based Recording (NBR)
Transcoding media
In-meeting Webex Assistant
Automated closed captioning
Transcription
Saving session data, transcripts, and meeting notes to the cloud (local recording and saving is supported)
Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN)
SIP interoperability
Embedded apps