August 01, 2023 |
139288 view(s) |
180 people thought this was helpful
What's New for the Slow Channel of Cisco Webex Meetings
See what's new for the slow channel of the Cisco Webex Meetings Suite. Features and announcements are listed in the order of monthly updates.
For more info on the latest releases, see the Latest Releases Overview for Cisco Webex Meetings.
Shared Components from the Latest Updates
For more info on the shared features and changes that the slow channel updates have with the latest updates, see the Webex Meetings Shared Components from the Latest Updates.
Feature Lists
For lists of features by release number, see the:
Feature summary for the Webex Meetings Suite (43.x)
Feature summary for the Webex Meetings Suite (42.x)
Feature Summary for the Cisco Webex Meetings Suite (WBS41)
Feature Summary for the Cisco Webex Meetings Suite (WBS40)
Open and Resolved Bugs
For lists of open and resolved bugs in the slow channel releases, see the Open and Resolved Bugs (WBS39.5.x and Later).
43.6.4
New Slow Channel Release Version 43.6.4
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 43.6.4 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 43.6.4. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here
Key Highlights for 43.6.4
Make series contributors, cohosts for webinars in the series
To increase collaboration, webinar series contributors can allow the others in the series, cohost access to their webinars. If contributors are added or removed from the series, their cohost access changes accordingly.
Site with internal label for meeting participants
The Internal label for meeting participants is now based on an org membership. Users who belong to the Control Hub org that owns the site gets the internal label. This works for devices as well.

  Custom labels, if configured for SSO sites managed in Site Administration, work as they did before (no change).
Sites with required user fields can now update to Control Hub
The ability to mark user profile fields as required for Control Hub orgs, along with new user profile fields such as alternate phone 1 and 2 for Control Hub users is currently in Beta testing.
Contact your Cisco representative if your site is blocked on Update to Control Hubmanagement due to required user profile fields. To learn more about the new profile fields see User attributes help doc.

  This feature is available on an independent release cycle. Check status.webex.com/maintenance to see when it’s available on your site.
When you add a webinar to a series, registration is turned on by default
Now, webinar hosts don’t have to worry about losing registration data when adding a webinar to a series. Webinar registration is automatically turned on when you add it to a series. If the webinar already had registration turned on, the webinar registration syncs with the series registration. This means that any registration data collected before the webinar was added to the series is retained. However, new registration data is only collected based on what the series collects.

  This feature is disabled by default. To enable it, you need to open a ticket with the Cisco cloud service team.
Attendance, registration, and survey data all in one report
Completed webinars now include a new report in the Activity tab called Reports summary which combines attendance, registration, and survey data all into one csv file. This report is all inclusive for the webinar data pipeline and saves hosts from the effort of viewing the three reports separately or combining them manually.
This report is visible once all three reports - attendance, registration (if applicable), and survey (if applicable) are generated.
43.2.4
New Slow Channel Release Version 43.2.4
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 43.2.4 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 43.2.4. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
Key Highlights for 43.2.4
Listen to Webex meeting recording on Apple CarPlay
In addition to joining a Webex meeting from the Apple CarPlay dashboard, you can connect your iPhones to the Apple CarPlay dashboard and listen to audio meeting recordings on the go.
Dynamically adjust participant video quality
We’ve added a new option to dynamically adjust participant video quality. With this option enabled, the video resolution of meeting participants is increased to better fill the actual window resolution being used.
Source ID can be tracked before webinar starts
You can now walk into a room and start an instant meeting on a Webex device. Once you start a meeting, you no longer need to struggle to invite guests to a meeting. In the invite pop-up, you can now invite any guests to a meeting.
42.10.6
New Slow Channel Release Version 42.10.6
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 42.10.6 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 42.10.6. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
Key Highlights for 42.10.6
Webex Meetings Apple CarPlay UX improvement
Webex Meetings users can view their upcoming meetings after connecting their iPhone to Apple CarPlay dashboard and can join the meeting with one click.
Webinar template scope improvement
You can use the improved webinar template to avoid making the same settings multiple times.
Previously, the webinar template only saved the settings on the scheduling page (except registration setting and panelists) However, in this update, the webinar templates have additional settings with registration questions (including approval rules), panelists, email template, registration landing page, webinar materials, and practice session setup. If any of these fields don’t need to be saved, you can exclude them before saving.
Breakout sessions in meetings and webinars extended to support on-premises video devices
On-premises registered video devices can now be moved to breakout sessions in meetings and webinars.
People using video device can move between main session and their assigned breakout sessions with the DTMF-*2 command.
Note: People using on-premises video device don’t currently have a mechanism to choose breakout sessions that are open for anyone to join. In those instances, hosts or cohost need to assign the video device to other breakout sessions.
Streaming and recordings layout is adjusted in-meeting and follows the stage layout
In a Webex meeting, you can now dynamically adjust the recording and streaming layout within the meeting. You can also record the stage that has been synced for all participants and when a meeting host adjusts the synced stage for all participants, the recording, or streaming layout matches the stage layout.
This especially helps when recording classrooms where the recorded videos need to be set in a certain way, or when recording all-hands sessions where a sign language interpreter needs to be present on stage.
Reorder participants on the stage
You can now reorder the participants you've moved on to the stage. Simply drag and drop the video you'd like to move into the position you'd like, or use the more options menu in the video thumbnail where you can select move to first position.

  As an attendee, you can't reorder participants who are being synced by the host or cohost.
Enhanced meeting security with Auto Admit
We’re excited to introduce Auto Admit that is designed to make your life easier as a meeting host while increasing the security of your meeting.
This new default behavior allows invitees who are signed into Webex to join a scheduled meeting directly without having to wait in the lobby. No more admitting people in the lobby when they were supposed to be in the meeting anyways.
No passwords or PIN numbers required Even Webex Room systems that you add to your meeting invite can join the meeting directly.
Remind your invitees to sign into Webex to be able to take advantage of this amazing new usability improvement.
For users who aren't signed into Webex and those that aren't on the invite, they continue to wait in the lobby until you or a cohost admits them.
42.6.8
New Slow Channel Release Version 42.6.8
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 42.6.8 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 42.6.8. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
You can find the updated buglist for 42.6.8 here.
42.6.7
New Slow Channel Release Version 42.6.7
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 42.6.7 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 42.6.7. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
You can find the updated buglist for 42.6.7 here.
42.6.6
New Slow Channel Release Version 42.6.6
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 42.6.6 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 42.6.6. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
New virtual backgrounds, both static and animated
Webex is updating its default library of virtual backgrounds. In addition to the most frequently used, we added a few new backgrounds, including two animated ones. Users can still upload their own as desired.

  Animated virtual backgrounds are not available when starting or joining a meeting from Webex App.
Webinars to support breakout sessions
When the host schedules a webinar, they can preassign panelists to different breakout sessions. Attendees can't be preassigned but they can join breakout sessions by clicking the join link. Hosts can create up to 100 breakout sessions. Each breakout session can host up to 1000 attendees.

  This feature is available on an independent release cycle. Check status.webex.com/maintenance to see when it’s available on your site.
Webex Meetings compliance policies for Bring Your Own Device (BYOD)
IT administrators can now prevent users from joining company meetings from a BYOD (Bring Your Own Device). This feature leverages registry keys or tokens.
Users can join your company meetings using BYOD only if a registry keys or token is detected on that device.
For more information on tokens and registry keys and how to configure them, see Collaboration restrictions for Webex Meetings in Control Hub.
Move Webex Meetings from your desktop to mobile app using a QR code
We are introducing the Move Meeting to Mobile feature where users can scan the QR code using their mobile camera and move their meeting to Webex Meetings mobile app without disrupting or disconnecting the meeting.
Introducing the Webex Meetings for Chrome PWA
We're excited to announce that the Webex Meetings web app is now available for download as a Progressive Web App (PWA) for ChromeOS in the Google Play store.
This makes it easy for Chromebook users to access Meetings directly from their desktop, without having to go through the browser. Similarly, this provides you with more flexibility to manage services and apps for your users.

  Beginning in the May 42.5 update, the Webex Meetings Android App isn't supported on Chrome OS. If you currently have the Meeting Android App installed on your Chrome OS device, it is automatically replaced when updating to 42.5.
42.5
Pre-meeting experience
Entry and exit beep changes
All new sites have this feature turned off by default. For existing sites that have entry and exit beep that is turned on, phone users continue to hear the beep, while it is turned off for computer audio users.

  This feature is available on a delayed release cycle. Check status.webex.com/maintenance to see when it’s available on your site.
42.2.5
New Slow Channel Release Version 42.2.5
We are excited to announce that the new Slow Channel release version 42.2.5 is available for upgrade on your site
Site Administrators can update now to take advantage of the enhancements available in 42.2.5. Instructions on how to update your site using Control Hub or Site Administration is found here.
New skin tones and new reactions
To encourage users to better express themselves non-verbally, we are adding skin tones to reactions. We’re also adding some new reactions to help users express how they are feeling during a meeting or conversation.
Cohosts can manage invitations and registration
Once a Webex meeting or webinar is scheduled by the host, assigned cohosts can now help manage invitations and registration from the meeting information page.
Administrator controls for virtual backgrounds
Administrators can manage images used as virtual backgrounds for their organization.
This feature includes the following administrator capabilities:
Enabling virtual background features at the organization level.
Customizing options for Webex default virtual backgrounds, to use administrator uploaded virtual backgrounds, or allow users to use their own virtual background images.
Allowing guest users to use administrator uploaded images as virtual backgrounds.
Cascading virtual background options to each site in control hub.
Overriding virtual background configuration for each Webex site.
Uploading a maximum of 10 approved images as virtual background images.
Customizable email template and setup reminder
Hosts can customize email templates that are sent to panelists and attendees for a webinar. These include invitation, reminder, thank you, and cancellation emails.
Improved lobby notifications
Hosts or cohosts are able to easily identify a participant joining a meeting as Internal to their organization, External to their organization, or Unverified. Notification of a participant waiting in the lobby is now more prominent and is not hidden in the Participant List.
New virtual backgrounds, both static and animated
Webex is updating its default library of virtual backgrounds. In addition to the most frequently used, we added a few new backgrounds, including two animated ones. Users can still upload their own as desired.

  Animated virtual backgrounds are not available when starting or joining a meeting from Webex App.
For more information, see Use virtual backgrounds in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.