January 20, 2023 |
24852 view(s) |
311 people thought this was helpful
Review and manage meeting transcripts created by Webex Assistant for Meetings
If the host recorded the meeting or webinar, a transcript is generated from the recording after the meeting or webinar ends. The host can share the transcript with others and give them either view-only or edit privileges.
Webex Assistant is available in Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
In addition to Meetings and Webinars, with the 41.7 update, Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Webex for Government doesn't support Webex Assistant.
This feature requires Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0 with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
Hosts can turn on or turn off the Webex Assistant during the meeting or webinar. To automatically turn on the Webex Assistant whenever you start a meeting or webinar, see Set your Webex Meetings scheduling preferences.
Webex site admins are able to turn off automatic post-meeting emails to prevent cluttering inboxes. To turn these post-meeting emails on or off, contact your Webex site admin.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
Anyone who has edit privileges for the transcript can download it, play an audio clip, edit the transcript text, and create highlights from transcript text.
1
Select the Transcript tab on the Meeting content page on your Webex site.
To navigate to the Meeting content page, see View meeting and webinar content created by Webex Assistant for Meetings.
2
If you're the meeting or webinar host or the host gave you edit privileges for the meeting or webinar content, you can do the following:
Option Description
Play an audio clip
Hover over the text that you want to hear and select Play Audio.
Edit the transcript text
Hover over the text that you want to edit and select Edit transcript. Make your changes and select Save Edit Transcript.
Create a highlight from some transcript text
Hover over the text and select Add to highlights. The text is added to the Highlights tab as a Note highlight.
Download the transcript
Under the Transcript tab, select the file name of the format that you want to download.
You can download the transcript in WebVTT (.vtt) or text (.txt) format.
If the host gave you view-only privileges, you can play audio clips of the transcript.