January 20, 2023 |
28362 view(s) |
157 people thought this was helpful
Turn on or turn off Webex Assistant during a meeting or webinar
Webex Assistant for Meetings is an intelligent, interactive virtual assistant that makes meetings and webinars searchable, actionable, and more productive. When Webex Assistant is turned on, the host and participants can capture highlights, such as action items, with one click or a voice command, and show captions so that no one misses a word of what's being said. Record the meeting or webinar to get a post-meeting transcript.
Webex Assistant is available in Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
In addition to Meetings and Webinars, Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Webex for Government doesn't support Webex Assistant.
This feature requires Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0 with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
Hosts can turn on or turn off the Webex Assistant during the meeting or webinar. To automatically turn on the Webex Assistant whenever you start a meeting or webinar, see Set your Webex Meetings scheduling preferences.
Closed captions are not turned on by default for the hosts or participants when Webex Assistant is turned on by hosts. See Show or hide automated closed captions during a Webex Meeting or Webinar. Webex remembers if you did or didn't use automated captions in your previous meeting or webinar, and automatically turns them on or off for your next one, depending on your last usage.
Webex site admins are able to turn off automatic post-meeting emails to prevent cluttering inboxes. To turn these post-meeting emails on or off, contact your Webex site admin.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
When Webex Assistant is enabled, it appears in the lower left of the host's screen. Webex Assistant can’t be hidden.
When the host turns on Webex Assistant, it makes the audio announcement, Webex Assistant is enabled to save audio highlights.
Each participant is notified that the Webex Assistant is in the meeting when they join. They'll see the Webex Assistant in the lower left of their screen or hear the announcement, Webex Assistant is enabled to save audio highlights or both.
1
To turn on Webex Assistant, hover over the Webex Assistant and select Turn on Webex Assistant.
2
To turn off Webex Assistant, hover over the Webex Assistant and select Turn off Webex Assistant.
3
When you're sharing content, hover over the Webex Assistant on the floating bar at the top of your screen and select Turn on Webex Assistant.
To turn off Webex Assistant, select Turn off Webex Assistant.