January 20, 2023 |
1076 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Schedule and join webinars with Webex Scheduler for Microsoft Outlook
Schedule Webex webinars directly from your Outlook calendar using the Webex Scheduler. Invite participants, assign cohosts, and set other webinar preferences. When it's time, start or join a webinar directly from the email invite.
Add the Webex Scheduler add-in from Microsoft AppSource
If you have a Microsoft 365 acccount and your administrator hasn’t installed the Webex Scheduler add-in, you can install the app yourself.
1
Go to Microsoft AppSource.
2
Search for the Webex Scheduler add-in.
3
Select Get it now and follow the on-screen instructions.
After you've added the app, follow the instructions in Set your Webex site in Outlook.
Set your Webex site in Outlook
Before you can schedule a meeting using the Webex Scheduler, you must specify the Webex site to use with your account.
1
If you're using Outlook for desktop, in the Cisco Webex group on the ribbon, select Add Webex Meeting.
If you're using Outlook on the web, select New event > Cisco Webex Scheduler > Add Webex Meeting.

  To see this option, you or your administrator must have added the Webex Scheduler add-in and your Webex site administrator must have configured the Webex Scheduler for Microsoft 365.
The Welcome screen appears.
2
Select Get Started.
3
Select or enter the Webex site URL that you want to use, in the format company, and then select Next.
If you see a message that Webex Preferences wants to display in a new window, select Allow.
4
The Sign in screen opens in a new browser window. Enter your Microsoft 365 email address, and then select Next.
5
Enter your Microsoft 365 password, and then select Sign in.
If you see a Stay signed in? message, select Yes to reduce the number of times you have to sign in.
Schedule a webinar from Outlook
Desktop
Web
After you set your Webex site, you can add a webinar to any appointment that you create in Outlook.

  You can't schedule webinars in webcast view from the Webex Scheduler.
1
Create an appointment in Outlook.
2
To invite panelists, select Invite Attendees and then type one or more email addresses in the Required box.

  You can add invitees to your webinar from your Webex site after you schedule it in Outlook.
3
In the Cisco Webex group on the ribbon in Outlook, click Webex Preferences.
4
Click the Webinar tab, then select Add Webex webinar.

  You can't create a series of webinars or schedule on behalf of another host using the Webex Scheduler.
A link the webinar appears in the location field and the webinar details appear in the body of the appointment.
5
To edit the webinar options, such as assigning cohosts, requiring registration, and choosing the audio connection type, in the Cisco Webex group on the ribbon in Outlook, select Webex Preferences.
6
Select Update meeting when you've finished editing the meeting options.
7
Select Send.
The appointment shows the webinar details, including a link to join the meeting. You can copy the link and share it with others.


Edit a webinar
After you schedule a webinar, use Outlook to edit it at any time. Change the attendees and webinar information, such as the date, time, or the webinar details.
1
In your Outlook calendar, open the scheduled appointment and change any of the following:
To add attendees, select Required.
Edit the subject, location, or date and time.
2
Change the webinar details.
If you're using Outlook for desktop, in the Cisco Webex group on the ribbon in Outlook, select Webex Preferences.
If you're using Outlook on the web, select Cisco Webex Scheduler > Webex Preferences.
You can change the following webinar settings:
Webinar password
Panelist password
Registration—Choose whether to require registration and whether to automatically accept registrations.
Cohosts—Select cohosts from the list of available invitees.
Join before host—Choose whether participants can join before the host starts the webinar.
Audio connection type—Set which audio connections participants can use to hear the webinar audio.
Mute on entry—Mute participants when they join.
Entry and exit tone—Set the tone that you want for when participants join and leave the webinar.
Allow breakout sessions—Choose whether to enable breakout sessions.

  If you want to change more settings, click Edit more settings on webinar information page.
3
Click Update when you finish editing the webinar options, then select Send Update.
Remove a webinar
Remove webinars from Outlook appointments that don't need them anymore, or if you want to schedule a webinar using a different template.
1
In your Outlook calendar, open an appointment that has a webinar.
2
Open Webex Preferences.
If you're using Outlook for desktop, in the Cisco Webex group on the ribbon in Outlook, select Webex Preferences.
If you're using Outlook for web, select Cisco Webex Scheduler > Webex Preferences.
3
Click Remove.