January 20, 2023 |
202 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Headset management on multiplatform phones
You can upgrade and administer Cisco Headsets through the multiplatform phone administration web page.
Headset Administration on Multiplatform Phones
Cisco IP Phones with Multiplatform Firmware Release 11.1.2 or later support the Cisco Headset 520 Series and Cisco Headset 530 Series. The headsets don't require any administration on multiplatform phones. However, you should install the latest Multiplatform firmware release before connecting your headset to a phone.
The Cisco Headset 560 Series is supported on Multiplatform Firmware Release 11.2.3 or later. Refer to Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Multiplatform Phones Administration Guide for more information.
The Cisco Headset 730 is supported on Multiplatform Firmware Release 11.3.5 or later. Refer to Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Multiplatform Phones Administration Guide for more information.
When the headset first connects, it downloads the required firmware and begins the upgrade process.
Upgrade Cisco Headset Software on a Multiplatform Phone
You can upgrade the firmware in your Cisco Headset. The headset settings are not erased by a phone reset. The upgrade rule supports HTTP and TFTP protocols.
We provide you with the headset XML file. If the software version in the file is greater than the software on your headset, the upgrade happens when you plug the headset USB adapter into the phone.
Before you begin
Access the phone administration web page.
1
Click Voice > Provisioning.
2
Select the Cisco Headset Upgrade Rule field found in the Cisco Headset Firmware Upgrade section.
3
Specify the TFTP or HTTP protocol, an IP address of the headset upgrade device, and the name of the headset XML file. Enter the values as a single string in the Cisco Headset Upgrade Rule field.

  Do not change the headset XML file contents.
Example: http:/10.12.34.210/cisco500headsetinfo.xml
4
Unplug the headset from the phone.
5
Plug the headset into the phone to start the upgrade. The headset upgrade finishes in about 10 minutes.