September 02, 2020 |
7740 view(s) |
15 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot Users Not Receiving Emails from Webex in Control Hub
In this article
If users aren’t receiving emails from Webex services, you can check what the status of the last email sent to them was in Control Hub. This status helps you understand what happened to that email, and provides you with insights on how to troubleshoot the problem.
Check the Status of the Last Email Sent to a User
When a user gets an email from Webex, you can check and see if that email was successfully delivered or not. The table below shows you the possible statuses that an email can have, and what actions you can take to help troubleshoot if the email wasn't delivered yet.
Email Status
Description
Action
None
No email was recently sent to the user.
NA.
In Progress
The email is currently getting sent to the user.
No action needed.
Delivered
The email was successfully sent to the user.
No action needed.
Unknown
An email was sent to the user, but the status couldn't be tracked.
Wait for some time, and if the status doesn't change, you can try resending the email.
Error
The email wasn't successfully sent to the user's email address.
You can see the response from the user's email address server on why they didn't receive the email. You can also clear the user's email address from the bounce (suppression) list before trying to send the email again.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select a user.
2
Select Last Email Status under User Details.
Remove a User's Email Address from the Bounce (Suppression) List
If users aren't receiving emails from Webex services, then that could mean that their email addresses were placed on Cisco's suppression list. If the last email sent to them has an error status, then you can clear those users from the suppression list.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select a user.
2
Select Last Email Status under User Details.
3
Click Remove from Bounce List.