May 11, 2023 |
168 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Customize your phone with Self Care Portal
This Help article is for Cisco Video Phone 8875 registered to Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM).
Cisco Unified Communications Self Care Portal is part of your organization’s Cisco Unified Communications Manager. In the Self Care portal, you can control features, line settings, and phone services for your phone.
The following table describes some specific features that you configure with the Self Care portal. For more information, see the Self Care Portal documentation for your call control system.
Table 1. Features available on Self Care Portal
Features Description
Speed dial Assign phone numbers to speed-dial numbers so that you can quickly call that person.
For more information about Speed Dial, see Use speed dial.
Services Cisco Video Phone 8875 running Firmware Release 2.0.1 doesn't support this feature. Even if you have configured the services on Self Care Portal, the services won’t show up on the phone.
Ring settings Specify your preferred ring pattern.
Voicemail notification settings Specify the notification pattern for voicemail.
Call history Specify whether you allow the phone to log the missed calls into Recents.
Phone contacts Manage the contacts and fast dials in your personal directory.

  The personal directory feature requires firmware release 2.1.1 or later.
Call forwarding Specify the phone number to forward calls to. If configured, all incoming calls to this directory number will be forwarded to your voicemail or the specified phone number.
Cisco Video Phone 8875 doesn't support the conditional forwarding. You can only configure the Forward all calls to field. You can also configure the call froward settings on your phone.
Before you begin
Get the URL for Self Care Portal from your administrator.
1
Log in to Self Care Portal with your credentials.
2
Choose Phone Settings.
If you want to configure the call forwarding setting, choose Call Forwarding.
3
Configure the settings as needed and click Save.