June 12, 2023 |
10044 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
Manage call park in Control Hub
The call park service allows a user to park a call against a user’s extension or to a call park extension. While the call is parked, the user can make and receive other calls freely and invoke other features without limitation.
The call park service supports two types of call park.
Call Park Direct—Allows users to park a call against a specific user's extension or call park extension.
Call Park Group—Allows a defined group of users known as members to automatically park calls against available park destinations configured in a call park group. Park destinations can be either member's extensions or call park extensions.
Call Park Direct
To park a call to a user or call park extension, the parking user puts the active call on hold and initiates a new call to the feature access code (FAC) *68 + (destination user’s extension) or (destination call park extension). The call remains parked until retrieved or a call park recall occurs.
To park a call using a call park extension being monitored by a user’s Cisco phone, the user presses the line key associated with the free call park extension.
Call Park Group
To park a call to a group, the parking user puts an active call on hold and initiates a new call to the feature access code (FAC) #58. The call park group service automatically hunts for the first available call park destination of the call park group to park the call against. The call park group feature always starts at the first assigned call park destination. When a destination is available, and the call is parked against that destination, the caller parking the call receives an announcement with the extension the call is parked against. The parking user may then announce or page that a call has been parked against an extension for retrieval.
Call park retrieve and recall user settings
The following operations apply to both call park direct and call park group.
To retrieve the parked call, any user within the organization can dial *88 + (extension of parked call).
To retrieve a call from a monitored call park extension, the user presses the line key associated with the call park extension holding the parked call.
If the parked call is not retrieved within the provisioned recall time, the parked call is retrieved and presented to the user that originally parked the call or an alternate recall user.
Call Park Direct—These settings are at the Locations level and are under Calling > Locations > Advanced Call Settings > Call Park Settings.
Call Park Group—These settings are at the Call Park Group level and are under Calling > Features > Call Park Group setting.
If the parking user’s line appears on other phones as shared or monitored, these phones also will be notified of the reverted calls, as shown in the Receptionist Client.

The Ring Pattern, Recall Timer, and Alert Hunt Group Wait Time values apply to both Call Park Direct and Call Park Group. These settings are at the Locations level and are under Calling > Locations > Advanced Call Settings > Call Park Settings.
Add call park extensions manually
Add multiple call park extensions


Create a call park group



Configure call park settings for your location

Bulk manage call park groups