January 20, 2023 |
441 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Headset inventory management in Call Manager
In Cisco Unified Communication Manager, you can view and sort your deployed Cisco Headsets.
Headset inventory management in Unified CM
Cisco IP Phones send headset inventory data to Unified Communications Manager whenever the headset connects or disconnects from the phone. Unified Communications Manager stores the inventory data so you can generate an Inventory Summary Report or Custom Inventory Report for all headsets deployed in this server.
Report information includes: headset serial and model number, docking station details, firmware, configuration templates used, vendor details, and headset connection status to devices.
Headset inventory settings
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, use the Device > Headset > Headset Inventory window to view a full list of all headsets deployed on your server. You can use this information to generate reports for all deployed headsets. If you click the Serial Number of the device, you can view details of individual headsets in a pop-up window.
Table 1. Headset Inventory Settings
Field
Description
Serial Number
Serial Number of the headset. This number is unique for every individual headset.
The Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series report the serial number found on the USB controller. The Cisco Headset 320, 560, and 700 Series report the headset serial number found on inside of the left armband.
Model
Model number of the headset.
Vendor
Displays vendor details.
Type
Indicates the type of headset connection: Wired, DECT Wireless, or Unknown.
Firmware
Displays the most current firmware load of the headset.
User
Displays information of the end user using the phone or device.
Attached Phone Owner User ID
Displays information of the end user using the phone or device. The field is blank when there is no headset associated.
Headset Owner
Displays the end user information associated with the Serial Number of the headset.
Template
Display the name of the headset configuration template.
Status (since)
Displays the status of the headset activities. It can be: Connected or Disconnected.
Dock Model
Displays the type of docking model station.
Device Name
Name of the device to which the headset is connected to.
Device Model
Displays the Cisco IP Phone or Cisco Jabber model number. For example, CP-8865 is a Cisco IP Phone model. CSF is a device type for either Cisco Jabber for Mac or Cisco Jabber for Windows.
Software Version
Displays the latest version of the software used. It can be a phone firmware or a Jabber software version.
Headset Age (days)
Displays the age of the headset. If the record is deleted, the headset age is reset.
View headset inventory in Call Manager
You can view a full list of all headsets deployed on your server. You can use this information to generate reports for all deployed headsets.
1
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, choose Device > Headset > Headset Inventory.
2
Do either of the following:
Select Find to see a full list of headsets deployed on your server.
Enter a one or more search criteria into the search box and select Find.
Headset inventory summary
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, you can use the Device > Headset > Headset Inventory Summary window to view an aggregate summary of your deployed headsets in the Headset Inventory Summary window.
Headset Inventory by Model
Field
Description
Headset Model
The headset model number.
Quantity
Lists the number of headsets for each model type in your deployment.

  Click the link in the Quantity column to navigate to the detailed Headset Inventory page, filtered by model type.
Headset Inventory by Status
Click the hyperlinks in the Headset Model, Active, Inactive, or Unassigned columns to navigate to the detailed Headset Inventory page for each status.
Field
Description
Headset Model
The headset model number.
Active
The headset has connected within the last 30 days.
Inactive
The headset hasn't connected in the last 30 days.
Unassigned
The user ID doesn't exist in the system or the inventory record doesn't have a user ID mapping.
Get an Aggregate Summary of Your Deployed Headsets
You can view an aggregate summary of your deployed headsets in the Headset Inventory Summary window.
In Cisco Unified CM Administration, select Device > Headset > Headset Inventory Summary.
You can view a breakdown of headset inventory by model or by headset status.