April 27, 2023 |
446 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Restore Canceled Subscription
On canceling a Webex Calling subscription, the subscription is in a soft delete state. This soft delete state leaves the Webex Calling subscription in a restorable state, if the cancellation was an error. Webex can retain the Webex Calling services within 15-30 days after cancelation.
With the cancellation of the calling subscriptions, the subscriptions are in soft delete state. This action has the following impact:
Control Hub displays an indication that the organization is in soft delete state.
Immediately following subscription cancelation, all services are disabled and are inaccessible from the Control Hub. However, telephone numbers (TNs) and MAC addresses are still provisioned. Hence, you cannot use these numbers and devices with another Webex Calling organization.
Control Hub releases the numbers or devices associated with the subscription after 15-30 days of cancelation. If no action is taken after 30 days of cancelation, all services associated with the subscription are permanently deleted. The administrator can then reassign the number or devices to a different organization.
Here are few pointers for an administrator when using this functionality:
If the subscription cancelation was an error, the administrator can contact Cisco and request for restoration of services within 15–30 days of deletion.
Restoring the calling services is possible only for a valid calling subscription.
Using the Soft Delete Indicator
1
From the https://admin.webex.com, go to Calling under Services.
2
View the banner in Control Hub, if the Calling customer is in a soft deleted state.
3
Use this table to understand the timeline for data retrieval through soft delete and its impact on the organization.
Subscription Type
Action
Notes
Number of days the license is in soft delete state
Calling Trial
Cancellation of the Partner
Trail is in soft delete state for 15-30 days
15-30 days
Subscription expiration
Trail is in suspended state for 30 days
15-30 days
Test subscription expiration
Test trial isn’t removed
Not Applicable
Nonpayment by Customer
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Partner Deletes the Organization
All services are immediately deleted.
Not Applicable
Calling Subscription Cancellation of the Partner
Subscription is in soft delete state for 15-30 days
15-30 days
Subscription expiration Subscription in suspended state for 60 days
15-30 days
Note: The timeline specified is after the suspended state.
Nonpayment by the Customer
Subscription is in suspended state for 60 days
15-30 days
Note: The timeline specified is after the suspended state.
Partner deletes the Organization
All services are immediately deleted
Not Applicable
4
If your organization is in soft delete state, you can either restore the services or open a ticket for Cisco Support to do a manual cleanup. You can reassign the resources such as number, users, or phone to another organization.