March 24, 2022 |
6396 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Access your calling profile from anywhere using the calling user portal
In this article
Hoteling enables a user’s phone profile (number, features, and calling plan) to be temporarily loaded onto another phone. This feature is called Hoteling, which has two parts — Hoteling Host and Hoteling Guest — that work together to allow you (guest) to use specific phones (hosts) by temporarily logging into and using them as their own phone.
Enable and locate your host phone for hoteling
Before you begin
Your administrator has to set up a guest account for you. The hoteling feature is applicable only to primary lines, and not applicable to shared lines.
1
Go to https://settings.webex.com and select Webex Calling.
2
From the calling user portal, go to Call Settings > Additional Features and turn on Hoteling.
3
Search for the name or number of the person whose phone (host) you want to use.
4
(Optional) To limit the time a guest can be associated to the host phone, check Limit association period.
5
(Optional) You can log out automatically by selecting the number of hours before logout.
6
Then, click Save.
7
Restart the phone to enable the Guest in and Guest out softkeys.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to enable and locate your host phone for hoteling in the calling user portal.
Sign into a guest phone
Before you begin
Your administrator has set up a guest account for you.
You must turn on Hoteling in https://settings.webex.com. For more information, see Link Your Calling Profile to a Host Phone.
1
Press Guest in and then enter your extension as your user ID and your voicemail PIN as your password.
The password field uses two types of input methods: alphanumeric and numeric. While you type in the password, you see the Options softkey on the phone. You can use this softkey to change the current password input type. Select Input all for alphanumeric input and select Input num for numeric entry.
2
Press Save.
Sign out of a guest phone
Press Guest out and then Sign out.
If you see the Sign in softkey, you know you're signed out.