July 05, 2023 |
2480 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Configure dialing behavior for outbound calls
In this article
Webex Calling external dialing settings enable you to provide consistent behavior for call routing, number presentation, and call screening.
Dialing behavior, number presentation and outbound call screening for Webex Calling
An outbound dial digit is typically used in enterprise environments to avoid overlap with other on-net dialing habits. There are also cases where enterprises prefer permissive dialing (without the outbound dial digit). The call routing logic in Webex Calling consistently handles different user dialing behavior, with and without an outbound dial digit.
Webex Calling uses E.164 number format for calling and connected number identity, outbound call screening, and for contact resolution. To apply consistent numbering, administrators can configure an organization’s phone number format (E.164 or National) for calling and connected number identity. This applies to locations that do not have a configured outbound dial digit.

For organizations with an outbound dial digit configured, permissive dialing is disabled and E.164 format is used. The E.164 format is always used even if the organization's format is set to National.
If you configure locations in an organization to use an outbound dial digit, advise users to include the outbound dial digit when making external calls.
For determining the outbound call types, local and long-distance call types are merged into a single National call type.
Configure service settings for outbound calls
To configure Outbound Dialing from Service Settings, complete the following:
Before you begin
To apply consistent numbering, administrators can configure an organization’s phone number format (E.164 or National) for calling and connected number identity.
For organizations with an outbound dial digit, E.164 format is used.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services > Calling > Service Settings.
2
Scroll to Calling phone number format and choose how you want to handle outbound dialing.
3
Configure the organization’s phone number format for calling and call history. It applies to locations that do not have an Outbound Dial Digit configured. Otherwise, E.164 format is used. The E.164 format is always used even if the organization's format is set to National.
E.164 format is an international standard including country calling code (1–3 digits).
The national convention for phone numbers, which varies by country.
On configuring locations in an organization, you can use an outbound dial digit. Administrators must advise users to always include the outbound dial digit when making external calls from Webex App, Webex Desk, or Room device.