January 20, 2023 |
66838 view(s) |
175 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Meeting capabilities and meeting sponsors
Webex App ensures that all meetings in a space have the same capabilities and all members in the space can schedule and start a meeting in the space, even if it's a space with just one other person.
We’ve enhanced the meeting experience in a space. Some of you may still have the classic experience. This article applies to classic meetings associated with a space only.
The meeting capabilities are determined by the person who created the space:
If you have a paid Webex Meetings account and create a space, or are in a space created by someone who has a paid Meetings, your Webex App meeting that is associated with a space have full meeting capabilities.
If you don't have a paid Meetings account and create a space, your Webex App meeting that is associated with a space has limited meeting capabilities.
You can verify the meeting capabilities for your Webex App meeting that is associated with a space by clicking Schedule in the space.
The following table summarizes the differences between Webex App meeting that is associated with a space.
Full Team Meeting Capabilities
Limited Team Meeting Capabilities
Meeting sponsor
Yes
No
People in space
Meeting sponsor has a Meetings host account
Space creator doesn't have a Meetings host account
Meeting size
Depends on the meeting sponsor's Meetings account, up to 200
25 if the creator of the space has a free Webex App account
100 if the creator of the space has a paid Webex Calling or Webex App account
Phone audio options
Available
Not available
Guest meeting access
Available
Not available
Recording
Available
Not available
Meeting links and video addresses for meetings in the space
webex.com
ciscospark.com
Full team meeting capabilities
If your Webex account includes a paid Meetings host license, you become the meeting sponsor for each space that you create, whether it's a space with one other person or with 3 or more people.
In spaces with 3 or more people, your account allows all meetings in the space to have the same meeting capabilities, regardless of which member of the space schedules the meeting or whether you attend the meetings. In a space with only you and one other person, if you have a paid meetings account and the other person doesn't, you are the meeting sponsor. Spaces with a meeting sponsor have the following team meeting capabilities:
Meeting size—the number of people who can join the meeting. When you click Schedule in the space, a message tells you how many people can join a meeting from that space. The meeting size may not always be the same as the number of people in the space. For more information, see The number of people who can join a meeting .
Recording—whether you can record the meeting and how much recording storage is available for your account or Webex site. If the recording option is available, when anyone in the space records the meeting, the link to the recording automatically appears in the Webex App space after the meeting ends. See Record a meeting in the cloud for more information.
Phone audio options—whether phone audio options are available and which phone options are available, such as Call In and Call Me options.
Guest meeting access—whether guests who don't have Webex accounts can join the meeting. You can even invite guests to a meeting you have scheduled with only one other person. See Join a Webex Meeting for the first time as a guest for more information.
Meeting Sponsor
In Webex App for Windows and Mac, you can see who the meeting sponsor is for the space, go to the information icon and choose Meeting capabilities . You'll see information about who the meeting sponsor is.
Meeting Sponsor Leaves
If the meeting sponsor leaves a space with 3 or more people, Webex App automatically assigns the meeting sponsor role to another member of the space. Webex App assigns someone who is in the same organization and someone who has the same general account type as the person who originally created the space to be the new meeting sponsor. This automatic assignment of the meeting sponsor role allows members of the space to have a consistent meeting experience every time they schedule a meeting from the space.
Meeting sponsor Upgrades Account
If the meeting sponsor of a space with 3 or more people has their account updated with new meeting capabilities, the new capabilities automatically apply to the space. The same applies to the paid account holder in a space with one other person. Existing meetings are updated with the new capabilities, and any new meetings that are scheduled from that space have the new capabilities.

  The moderator role has no connection to the meeting sponsor role. A moderator of the space or team is the meeting sponsor only if the moderator created the space.
Limited team meeting capabilities
Meetings scheduled from spaces without a meeting sponsor have limited capabilities. If you go to the information menu in one of those spaces and then choose Meeting capabilities , you'll see a statement indicating that there's no meeting sponsor for the space.
Meeting Size
The meeting size in a space that was created by someone without a Meetings account is determined by the account types of the members of the space:
If all users in the space have free Webex accounts, only up to 25 participants can join the meeting.
If the creator of the space has a paid Webex Calling or Webex account, up to 100 participants can join the meeting.
In a space, when you click Schedule , a message tells you how many people can join a meeting from that space.
Space Creator Leaves
If the original creator of the space leaves the space or organization, a new space creator role is automatically assigned. The meeting information and capabilities in the space get automatically updated based on the type of account the new space creator has.
Space Creator Upgrades Account
If the person who originally created the space upgrades from a free to a Meetings host account, the space creator becomes the meeting sponsor for the space, and the space automatically receives meeting capabilities that are based on the new meeting sponsor's account.