August 10, 2023 |
365363 view(s) |
1304 people thought this was helpful
Unable to Login - 'The Username or Password you Typed is Incorrect'
If you are having login issues with Webex Meetings, we have some tips to help you resolve your issue.
Error: 'The username or password you typed is incorrect'
I'm unable to login to my host account.
Note: This article applies to Non-SSO Webex sites. If you are unable to log in to a Webex site that has SSO enabled, contact your company's internal support group for assistance.
  The host account password is case-sensitive, if you have accidentally pressed CAPS LOCK, then you're inadvertently typing your password in all capital letters:
Make sure CAPS LOCK is off, and then type your password again.
The site has been upgraded recently, and you may be accessing the Webex site using a bookmark or favorite:
Try accessing the site without using a bookmark or favorite.
The Webex cookies in your browser may be corrupt if the connection loops at the login page:
Clear cache and cookies in your web browser, see:
WBX38898 - How Do I Clear my Cache and Cookies in Mozilla Firefox?
WBX38899 - How Do I Clear Cache and Cookies in Google Chrome?
WBX9000035442 - How Do I Clear Cache and Cookies in Microsoft Edge?
Close all open web browsers, open a new browser, and try to log in again.
The username or password you are entering may be incorrect. If you do not remember your password:
Reset your password, then try logging in. For help, see: Reset Your Webex Password
If you see a message, Your account has been deactivated or Your account has been locked out:
You cannot log in to your host account if your account is locked or deactivated. Contact your Cisco Webex Meetings Site Administrator to get your account unlocked or activated. For help, see: Contact Your Webex Site Administrator
Browser privacy settings are blocking cookies:
Try an alternate browser or other computer to log in.
If you are having trouble logging in to your account at signin.webex.com:
Make sure you are entering an email address. Do NOT enter a username.
Click the Can't access your account? link to access sign-in assistance.
If you can't log in to the Webex Desktop App or Productivity Tools:
Open the Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App or Productivity Tools.
Enter the email address associated with your Webex account, then click Next.
Select your Webex site address from the list that appears, or manually enter the URL in the text box, then click Next.
Click the Forgot password link on the Enter password for: screen.
Follow the prompts to reset your account password.

If the issue persists, contact support: WBX162 - How Do I Contact Webex Customer Services or Technical Support?