August 02, 2023 |
43767 view(s) |
208 people thought this was helpful
Require your attendees to register for a meeting or webinar
Enhance security for your meeting or webinar by requiring attendees to register. By requiring registration, you can see which attendees registered, get information about them, and prevent unauthorized attendees from joining.
When you require attendees to register for a meeting or webinar, you can do the following before and during the session:
View a list of attendees to determine whether they have registered for the meeting or webinar.
Obtain attendees' names, email addresses, and other information before they can join the meeting or webinar.
Accept or reject individual registration requests.
If you invite someone to a meeting or webinar that requires registration, they receive an email that includes the following:
Information about the meeting or webinar.
A link to register for the meeting or webinar.
A random registration ID for the webinar, if you selected this option.
Set up required registration for your meeting or webinar
1
Sign in to User Hub, then click the Schedule drop-down menu and select Schedule a meeting or Schedule a webinar.
2
After entering your meeting or webinar information, select Advanced options.
3
Under Registration, select Required.

  If you select Join before host for your meeting or webinar, registration doesn't work. Registration gets disabled for the meeting or webinar, and any previous attendee registrations get permanently deleted. To recover these attendee registrations, contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center.
For more information about these features, see Advanced scheduling options for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.
If you required registration for a webinar and later add that webinar to a webinar series, the registration form for your webinar syncs with the series registration form. Any data collected for the webinar before you added it to a series gets retained, but any new registration information follows the series registration form.
4
Choose the following options:
For webinars, to prevent unauthorized access for guest attendees, under Registration ID, check Generate random ID authentication for each registrant.
After you schedule the webinar, the attendee receives a registration ID through email. When the attendee joins the webinar, they enter the registration ID and their email address for authentication.

  This feature is available on a delayed release cycle and applies only to webinars. Check status.webex.com/maintenance to see when it's available on your site.
Under Approval rules, leave Automatically approve all registration requests unchecked to secure a meeting or webinar from unauthorized access.
The host manually accepts or rejects all registration requests. For more information about approval rules, click Principles of rule execution.

  If you leave this option unchecked and an attendee registers after the meeting, or the webinar has already started, they can't join until they receive a registration confirmation email and enter the meeting or webinar password. For more information, see Accept or reject meeting and webinar registration requests.
If you check Automatically approve all registration requests and an attendee registers after the meeting or webinar has already started, the attendee can join immediately without providing the password.
Under Registrant number, in Maximum number of registrants, enter a number to set a registration cap. If you have a 1000, 3000, or 5000-participant plan, you can accept a maximum of 10,000 registrations. If you have a 10,000, 25,000, 50,000, or 100,000-participant plan, you can accept 20% more registrations than your plan allows. For example, if you have a 10,000-participant plan, you can accept a maximum of 12,000 registrations.
Although you can accept more registrations than your plan allows, only the number of attendees allowed by your plan can join your meeting or webinar. For example, if you have a 10,000-participant plan, only 10,000 participants can join. If you have a 1000, 3000, or 5000-participant plan, only 1000, 3000, or 5000 participants can join, respectively.
If you created a landing page to provide more information or a thank you page, enter the URL for the page in the Post-registration landing page section. This page automatically opens after the attendee completes registration.

  If this domain hasn't been added to the allow-list created by your site administrator, you can't save it. Contact your site administrator.

  If someone tries to register for a meeting or webinar that's full, they receive an email with further information.
5
(Optional) Customize the registration form to obtain additional information about each attendee.
6
Click Schedule.

  If you uncheck Require attendee registration after one or more attendees have registered for the meeting or webinar, it deletes all registrations. If you check Require attendee registration again, the registration form defaults to the standard registration form with the attendee’s name and email address.