August 01, 2023 |
74910 view(s) |
532 people thought this was helpful
System requirements for Webex services
Use this information to learn about the supported applications that work with Webex services. For the Webex App and Control Hub, we've listed the system requirements for running these on the supported platforms.
Webex App
Control Hub
System Requirements
Review these system requirements to verify that you can use Webex App on your computer, mobile device, or web browser.
The performance of Webex App may also be influenced by other factors, for example: network connectivity or other applications on your devices.

  These requirements are continuously reviewed and may be revised.
Windows recommended minimum system requirements
Windows Server 2016.
Windows 10 and later. Make sure your drivers are up-to-date.
For further information on the latest drivers for some graphic products, see the following:
How to find the latest compatible for an AMD graphics product
NVIDIA driver downloads
Intel downloads for graphics drivers
Intel Dual-Core CPU 2.XX GHz or AMD processor (4 GB of RAM minimum recommended).
Some features require additional system requirements:
Reactions in a scheduled Webex Meeting or Personal Room meeting.
Operating System—Windows 10 version 10.0.17763 or later
Processor—four physical cores or more
Memory—4 GB or more of RAM
Virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings
Operating System—Windows 10 32-bit/64-bit

  If you're in a VDI environment, make sure you're using a supported platform for virtual backgrounds. See the VDI Release Notes for more information.
Processor:
Intel Core i3, i5, or i7 4000 series or higher
AMD Ryzen 5, 7, 9, or higher
Memory:
8 GB or more of RAM
2 GB or more of VRAM for dedicated GPUs
Mac recommended minimum system requirements
MacOS 10.13 and later on a supported Mac. .
M1 chip or Intel CPU-based (4 GB of RAM minimum recommended).
Some features require additional system requirements:
Reactions in a scheduled Webex Meeting or Personal Room meeting.
Operating System—macOS High Sierra (version 10.13) or later
Processor:
Intel Core i5 6000 series dual-core processor or higher
Intel Core i7 5000 series dual-core processor or higher
Intel Core i7 quad-core processor or higher
Intel Core i9 dual-core processor or higher
Intel Xeon dual-core processor or higher
Intel Core m3 7000 series dual-core processor or higher
Other Intel processors: six cores or higher
Non-Intel processors: eight cores or higher
Virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings
Operating System—macOS High Sierra (version 10.13) and later

  If you're in a VDI environment, make sure you're using a supported platform for virtual backgrounds. See the VDI Release Notes for more information.
Processor:
Intel Core i7 4000 series quad-core or higher processor
Intel Core i7 5000 series dual-core processor or higher
Intel Core i5 6000 series dual-core processor or higher
Memory—2 GB or more of VRAM for dedicated GPUs
iPhone and iPad
iOS 15.5 and later, and iPadOS 15.5 and later.
Some features require additional requirements:
Virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings
iPhone 7 or later
iPad Pro and later
iPad mini (5th generation) and later
iPad Air (3rd generation) and later
Use Wi-Fi to receive notifications for incoming calls using Unified CM
iOS 16.5 or later
iPadOS 16.5 or later
Android Smartphones
Android 10 or later (3GB of RAM required).
On November 1, 2023, Android 9 reaches end of support.
Some features require additional system requirements:
Virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings
Processor:
Snapdragon 845
Samsung Exynos 9810
Equivalent processors with eight or more cores
Memory—3.5 GB or more of RAM
Web
Last two major releases of one of these browsers: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari, and Microsoft Edge on computers running Windows, Mac, or Linux.

  You can use the meetings and free calling (Call on Webex) features from the Webex App for Web using Firefox, Chrome, and Safari only.
Chromebook
The messaging, calling, and meetings features from Webex App for Android are supported.
Linux recommended minimum system requirements
Core requirements: Intel Dual-Core CPU 2.XX GHz or AMD processor (4 GB of RAM minimum recommended)
Display Protocols: x11 and Wayland.
Desktop environment/Window Manager: GNOME/Mutter and KDE/KWin recommended.
Support Policy
Webex App is proactively tested against versions of supported platform operating systems (OS): Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android. Compatibility and support for new OS versions is being provided in the following manner:
Compatibility—We proactively monitor upcoming OS versions and validate Webex App for compatibility with OS Beta releases. Our best effort is made to address any blocking issues or incompatibilities discovered during testing.
Example: iOS 14 is planned to be released in September 2020. The current version of Webex App for iOS is validated for compatibility with iOS 14 Beta versions. If blocking issues are discovered, they're fixed and released in an updated version of Webex App for iOS before the iOS 15 GA release date. If no blocking issues are discovered, the current Webex App version is considered compatible with iOS 15.

  Fixes are incorporated as per the Cisco support and maintenance policy.
Support—Once a new OS version is officially released, OS verification tests are performed using the latest version of Webex App on the newly released version of the OS. Any discovered issues are addressed as part of the next regular feature or maintenance Webex App release.
Example: iOS 14 is released in September 2020. OS verification tests of the latest Webex App for iOS are performed with the released iOS 14 GA version. Any found issues are addressed in the next release Webex App release. Webex App is designated as supporting iOS 14.