February 16, 2023 |
92919 view(s) |
310 people thought this was helpful
Join Microsoft Teams Meetings with Cisco Video Integration for Microsoft Teams
Cisco devices and participants with devices in Personal mode invited to a Microsoft Teams meeting can join the meeting directly from the Webex app or their device with One Button to Push (OBTP), or by dialing directly into the meeting.
You can join Microsoft Teams meetings from your device with Cisco Video Integration for Microsoft Teams or WebRTC. This is set up by your system administrators and depends on the type of device you have.
These features are not available during the meeting:
Two-way Whiteboarding
One-way Whiteboarding is not available on DX70 and DX80
Far end camera control
Join with One Button to Push
One Button to Push is available on devices where the Calendar Service is enabled. When users schedule Microsoft Teams meetings and include Webex devices, a join button appears on the device right before the meeting begins. Or if their device is paired to the Webex app, users can join with one button from the app. Either way, simply tap Join to enter the meeting.
Once in the meeting, your device displays the video stream from Microsoft Teams on up to two screens (with the layouts: grid, stack, overlay, focus, prominent) and the call controls. For more information on layouts on Cisco devices, see Cisco devices | Video Stream Layouts. The participant list is available, indicating who is muted. The recording indicator appears on screen when the meeting is recorded.
When a presentation is shared, your device displays the presentation. The content shared on screen is not interactive.
Join by Dialing into the Meeting
When Cisco Video Integration for Microsoft Teams is enabled, the email invitation includes the call-in information to join with a video conferencing device.
Follow the instructions at the bottom of your email invite – either by dialing in the SIP video address that includes the VTC conference ID, or by entering the shorter SIP video address. After dialing in the shorter SIP video address, you’ll be able to enter the VTC conference ID on your device and join the meeting.
Once in the meeting, your device displays the video stream from Microsoft Teams on up to two screens (with the layouts: grid, stack, overlay, focus, prominent) and the call controls. For more information on layouts on Cisco devices, see Cisco devices | Video Stream Layouts. The participant list is available, indicating who is muted. The recording indicator appears on screen when the meeting is recorded.
When a presentation is shared, your device displays the presentation. The content shared on screen is not interactive.