June 13, 2023 |
11355 view(s) |
20 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Accessibility support features
You can review the accessibility support that is provided in Webex App.
Accessibility Standards
Take a look at the Voluntary Product Accessibility Templates (VPAT) to get details about accessibility support in Webex App.
Windows
Mac
Keyboard navigation and shortcuts
Use your keyboard to navigate through Webex App. Use Tab and Shift + Tab to navigate between areas in the app. You’ll know an area is in focus when it’s surrounded by a blue outline.
Manage your keyboard shortcuts, you can review the list of default shortcuts, choose different key combinations, or set some shortcuts as global to use them when the app is minimized or in the background.
See Keyboard navigation and shortcuts, Accessibility features for Windows.
Screen reader support
You can use the JAWS screen reader version 18 or later.
The screen reader will inform you, when you are entering certain areas and how to perform actions, such as:
When you enter the compose message area the screen reader reads Write a message to… and then provide the name of the space you are in.
In the compose message toolbar, the screen reader tells you to use Control + Option + Space/Enter to select and activate an option.
When you select a message, the screen reader reads the sender's name, time and date, if the message is pinned or flagged, how many thread replies the message has, the number of reactions and how to reply to the thread.
In the message reactions menu, the screen reader reads out the different reactions available and offers the option to add a reaction.
Dark mode
Choose from the available dark mode themes:
Dark (Default)
Indigo
Jade
Bronze
Rose
Lavender
See Change the color theme
High contrast
Need extra color contrast, when you set your OS high contrast setting, Webex App picks up that setting and shows the high contrast color palette you've selected.
Font size
Make the font larger in the chat area, to make it easier to read your messages.
See Change the font size for messages
Customize your notifications
Choose separate notification sounds for direct messages, group spaces, and your favorite spaces.