May 17, 2023 |
1679 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Configure in-call features from Control Hub
Use the incoming call(in-call) setting to turn on available features when joining a webex call. You can monitor screen sharing capability to the in-call settings of the selected users, provide access for remote control, provision enabling video on desktop and mobile. You can also access administrative controls in the Webex App such as configure Move to meetings through Control Hub.
Before you begin
Administrators can use this setting from Control Hub to manage the in-call capability or use the administrative controls for key features in the Webex App for an individual user, a group of users, and at the organizational level. All Webex Calling administrators with partner administrators, customer administrators, or sales administrator privilege can configure these settings.
Settings that are configured for the organization level are automatically set for users. If the user has enabled user-level setting, then the user settings overide the organization-level settings.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Calling.
2
Select Cilent Settings and scroll to In-call feature.
3
Select the toggle to enable or disable the following options:
Sharing Content
Request control—allows users to request and gain control of others' shared content.
Give control—allows other users to take control of this user’s shared content. The toggle switch is ON, by default.
Screen sharing—allows sharing the screen at the user-level.
Video
Video on desktop—allows desktop users support video calling, and setting the default for answering calls with video on.
Also the Answer calls with video on option initiates the calls with video automatically. Toggle switch is ON and Answer calls with video on option is selected, by default.
Video on mobile—allows mobile users support video calling, and setting the default for answering calls with video on.
Also the Answer calls with video on option initiates the calls with video automatically. Toggle switch is ON and Answer calls with video on option is selected, by default.
Additional Features
Move calls to meetings—allows users to move an active phone call to full Webex Meeting along with all the participants.
Display call recording indicator for automatic recording—displays a visual indication to inform all participants in the meeting that the call is being recorded.
Display multi-call window—Provides access to a separate window to manage all phone calls.
For multi-line users—this option includes shared lines, virtual lines, and executive assistant lines.
For all users

  The subcontrols are hidden, if the Display multi-call window toggle is set to OFF.

  On configuring these settings for a user, you can make further modifications at the user level. User settings won’t automatically return to the organization’s default setting.
You can configure the user-group settings for an entire Organization through a Calling template. You can create a template and assign to a user-group. The configuration in the template applies to all users in the group. See Calling Templates for details.