January 20, 2023 |
23384 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Use Classic Cisco Webex Meeting Reports
As a site administrator, you can use classic reports to view comprehensive statistics for all of a Webex site's services. Monitor usage across services, attendance for events and sessions, and support activities so that you can determine how you can build a more efficient organization.
View Classic Reports
Classic reports in Control Hub are the same as the reports in Site Administration. The Classic Reports tab is only available if you manage your site in Control Hub.

  These reports are for your general use and shouldn't be used for billing purposes.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Reports.
2
Select Classic Reports.

  Use the drop-down list to select a Webex Meetings site if your organization has multiple sites.
On the Classic Reports page, the following reports are available:
Common Reports
Webex Events
Webex Training
Webex Support
Meetings in Progress
Use this report to monitor all ongoing meetings simultaneously. Site administrators can see the Topic, Host, and Start Time for each meeting.
Meetings Usage
The Webex Meetings Usage Report contains data about how many participants attended a session and how many minutes a session lasted. Site administrators can sort the report by date, topic, username, and start time. Use these statistics to see frequent topics for an organization and to help decide when to meet.
For more information about how to read a usage report, see Usage Report Terms and Definitions.
Recording Usage
Site administrators can use the Recording Usage Report to view how much storage was used for recordings in the last 90 days. Use this report to determine if more space must be allocated for recordings.
Site Configuration Audit Log
The Site Configuration Audit Log lists administrative details, changes made, and when changes occurred. Site administrators can use the audit log to test out new configuration settings that might be easier to use for your users.

  Report output varies depending on the site configuration. To see which settings are typically included, see the Webex Site Configuration Log.
Storage Usage
Site administrators can use this report to see the total recording storage that is used, recording storage that is used by each host, and the total recording storage available. Determine how much recording storage to allocate for each user by using the data in the Storage Usage Report.
Storage Usage Reports include usage for:
MP4 recordings
ARF recordings
Uploaded recordings
Disabled recordings
Recordings in trash
Chats in Webex Events recordings
Uploaded files