January 20, 2023 |
1169 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Manage your organization's bots
Bots can increase your users' productivity. There are bots to help with task automation, productivity, or entertainment, and users can interact with them in group or direct spaces. In group spaces, users must explicitly mention the bot so that the bot sees the message.
About bots in Webex
This article is about how to use Control Hub to set a policy for bots in your organization. To learn how to use bots in Webex spaces, read connect your tools and automate tasks and create workflows for bots in Webex App Hub.
You can develop your own bots (requires Webex account), or you can download bots from Webex App Hub.
Bots are identified by their email addresses, which look like <botname>@webex.bot.
Your global bot policy controls whether users may add bots to spaces. It applies to everyone and to all bots. If you want to selectively manage bots, you need Pro Pack for Control Hub.
Configure global bot policy
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com and go to Apps > Bots.
At top right on this page you can see the current Global Policy status: Denied or Allowed.
2
Use the slider to change the global bot policy for your organization:
Allowed: New bot memberships are allowed in spaces across your organization. Click Allow All to confirm.
Denied: New bot memberships are denied in spaces across your organization. Click Deny to confirm. Changing the global policy to Denied does not remove existing bot memberships.
Allow specific bots
To allow specific bots (requires Pro Pack) you need to create an Allow list:
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com and go to Apps > Bots.
At top right on this page you can see the current Global Policy status: Denied or Allowed.
2
Change Global Policy to Denied.
3
We assume you want to Restore previous allow lists. Uncheck this box if you don't want to use a previous allow list.
If you have not previously created a list of allowed bots, the checkbox makes no difference.
4
Click Deny to confirm.
5
Enter the email address of a bot you want to allow, then click Add.
The bot goes onto your allow list.
What to do next
Repeat the last step until you've allowed all the bots you need for your organization. You can find bots at Webex App Hub.