August 05, 2019 |
2974 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Enable CLI Authentication for Cisco Webex Meetings, and Cisco Webex Events, and Cisco Webex Training
In this article
CLI authentication provides your users with more security for their Webex Meetings, Webex Events, and Webex Training sessions.
Overview
Automatic Number Identification (ANI) or Calling Line Identification (CLI) is a form of caller ID that sends a caller's phone number to the system before the call is answered. This allows you to join a meeting without having to enter a meeting number. When you call in to the audio portion of a meeting, the system verifies the number that you called in from against the number added to your Webex site preferences, and then directs you to the correct meeting.
To enable ANI/CLI Authentication, first enable it on your Webex site, then turn it on for each user. If you enable ANI/CLI authentication for users with host accounts, then they can:
Schedule a meeting with dial-in ANI/CLI teleconferencing authentication.
Specify a phone number to be authenticated when they call in to any ANI/CLI-enabled audio conference. However, they'll be authenticated only if they were invited by email during the scheduling process.
Specify an audio PIN to prevent a person from using a fake number to dial in to meetings.
Enable CLI Authentication for a Webex Site
You must enable the global setting for each Webex site that you want to allow CLI authentication for.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and under Meeting, select Sites.
2
Select the Webex site that you want to enable CLI authentication for, and click Configure Site.
3
Under Common Settings, select Site Options.
4
Check the Enable teleconferencing CLI authentication check box.
5
Click Update.
Enable CLI Authentication for Users
You can choose which users can join Webex Meetings, Webex Events, and Webex Training sessions with CLI authentication after enabling the global setting for your Webex site.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select the user that you want to enable CLI authentication for.
2
Under Services, select Meeting, select the Webex site that you enabled CLI authentication for, and then click User Privileges.
3
Check the Calling Line Identification (CLI) check box, and then click Save.