August 10, 2023 |
12889 view(s) |
30 people thought this was helpful
Call from laptop using your Cisco device as a web camera
When you connect your laptop to your device, you can use the device as an advanced web camera when making calls from your laptop meeting apps. That is, you can use the device's camera, microphone, and loudspeakers, which ensures the best video and sound experience.
The setup and use of this feature varies because the different devices have different capabilities. Your device is in one of these categories:
Full USB-C support: Desk, Desk Pro, Desk Mini, Board Pro series, Room Kit EQ, Room Bar, Room Bar Pro
Limited USB-C support: Room Kit Mini
No USB-C support: Codec Plus, Codec Pro, Board series, Room Kit, Room 55, Room 70 Single, and Room 70 G2 Single and Dual
Full USB-C support
Limited USB-C support
No USB-C support
Devices in this category have a USB-C connector, and you can share content from a laptop to the device on the USB-C connection. Desk Hub supports up to 720p video when used as an advanced web camera; the other devices support up to 1080p video in this mode.
Connect your laptop and select input sources


(Optional, and only for devices with a touch controller) Tap Call from laptop on the touch controller, and it guides you what to do next. If you skip this step, the Call from laptop app opens automatically on the device when you select the device as camera source in step 3.
Connect your laptop to the device's USB-C socket.
Open your laptop meeting app and select the Webex device as source for camera, microphone, and loudspeaker.
Now you are ready to call or join a meeting from your laptop.
In-call behavior
You can always mute your microphones from the laptop meeting app. Whether you can mute from the device depends on how your administrator has set up the device. The device and laptop mute indicators are not synchronized. For more details, read the For the administrator section.
The device is in Do not disturb mode when you are in a video meeting from your laptop. You won't receive any other incoming calls to your device when in this mode. The device is not in Do not disturb mode when in audio-only meetings.
You can control the camera, adjust the volume, remove background noise, and optimize the audio quality, from the device UI. The camera light indicator is on when the camera is in use. The laptop meeting app controls the rest, including disconnecting the call.
For the administrator
Mute audio from the device: People can always mute their microphones from the laptop meeting app. An administrator can decide whether people are allowed also to mute from the device (including a touch controller or microphones that are connected to the device). Set the Audio > Microphones > UsbPassthrough > MuteButton configuration to:
Inactive: People can mute only from the laptop meeting app (default behavior for Desk series)
Active: People can mute from both the device and the laptop meeting app (default behavior for other products)
However, because the device and meeting app mute indicators are not synchronized, there are some side effects if you allow muting from the device:
If people mute themselves from the laptop meeting app, the microphone LEDs of the device don't change to the mute color.
If people mute themselves from the device, the other participants in the call will not be notified that they are muted.
If people forget to select the device as microphone source for the laptop meeting app, the app will use the laptop microphones. In such a case, the microphone LEDs of the device may be red (mute color), while the audio is not muted.