April 18, 2023 |
12403 view(s) |
29 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Improved meetings associated with a space
We’ve enriched your meetings experience in a space. Now, when you join or schedule a meeting in a space, you have access to the features you’ve come to enjoy in Webex Meetings. You can leverage this new experience in every meeting you schedule or join from here on in.
Before this release, your experience in a meeting associated with a space was tied to who created the space (known as the meeting sponsor). The feature set available to you depended on the type of account that person had. From here on in, we'll refer to this as the classic meetings experience.
We’ve removed the concept of meeting sponsorship. Now, only the host's license determines the meeting capabilities. If you have, at minimum, a Basic Meetings license and you're in the same organization as the person who created the space, you can schedule or start a meeting in that space. If you're not in the same organization, you won't be able to schedule or start meetings in that space. For more information about our Basic Meetings license, see Basic Meetings in Control Hub and Site Administration.
Any meetings that are already in your calendar, however, will use the classic experience based on meeting sponsorship and have a potentially limited feature set. We encourage you to reschedule those so that you can get the most out of your meetings.
Now, when you schedule or join a meeting associated with a space, you get either the full-featured meetings experience or the enhanced meetings experience. Find out if you're set up with full-featured meetings. If you are, you have access to a full set of Webex Meetings features.
If you're not set up with full-featured meetings, here's a table to give you a quick summary of what all you're getting in the enhanced experience and how it compares with classic meetings.
Capabilities
Classic meetings associated with a space
Enhanced meetings associated with a space
Meeting ID and URL
Static—one meeting at a time.

  The URL includes /m.
Dynamic—multiple meetings at a time.

  The URL includes the /MTID.
Hosts Everyone in the space is a host. Only people internal to the organization can be a host.
Cohosts
Everyone in the space is a cohost.
People internal to the organization are automatically made cohosts during scheduling. They just need an account with host privileges on the site where the meeting is scheduled from.
External members of the space can only be made hosts or cohosts after the meeting starts.
Scheduling
Anyone in the space can schedule a meeting.
When you schedule a meeting, anyone in the space, whether they're invited or not, can join automatically. You don't have to let them in.
Only people internal to the organization can schedule a meeting.
When you schedule a meeting, only the people you've invited are able to join automatically. Uninvited members of the space must wait in the lobby.
Meeting scheduler
Desktop—Choose the in-app scheduler or third-party calendar app, such as Microsoft Outlook or Google Calendar. See Connect your Google or Microsoft 365 calendar
Mobile—Copy the meeting information and paste it into a third-party calendar.
Desktop—Choose the in-app scheduler or third-party calendar app, such as Microsoft Outlook (Windows only) or Google Calendar.
Mobile—Use the in-app scheduler.
Recurring meetings Only available from Microsoft Outlook, with a workaround Only available from Microsoft Outlook, with a workaround (Windows only).
Instant meetings
Anyone in the space can use the Meet button.
Only people internal to the organization can use the Meet button.
Record
Anyone in the space can record.
Only the host can record.
Number of people in a meeting
Up to 200 participants
Up to 200 participants
Mute on entry
Mute yourself or others
Share video
Share content
Stage layout
One-way whiteboarding
Two-way whiteboarding
Reactions
Raised hands
Webex Assistant
Closed captions
For a list of issues that we're aware of and actively trying to resolve, see Webex App | Known issues for enhanced meetings associated with a space.