August 11, 2023 |
24810 view(s) |
28 people thought this was helpful
What's New in Webex Analytics and Troubleshooting
We’re constantly updating and improving the Webex Analytics and Troubleshooting platform that’s available in Control Hub. Check back to learn about new features available in Analytics and Troubleshooting.
What's new
Coming Soon
Archive
For more information about these new features, see Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio, Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio, and Advanced Diagnostics and Troubleshooting in Control Hub.
August 2023
Retiring the Webex Calling Engagement and Quality reports
The Webex Calling Engagement and Quality reports will be retired on September 10, 2023. You can use the upcoming Webex Calling Media Quality report to get call quality and usage information of call legs.
RoomOS and ThousandEyes integration
ThousandEyes agent that is integrated with RoomOS devices offers network path visibility for active troubleshooting of meetings to pinpoint issues in real time.
Initially the integration supports Webex meetings. Other meeting types, such as Microsoft Teams, are planned for the future.
Read more about ThousandEyes integration for RoomOS devices.
New global filters in Detailed Call History analytics
The following global filters have been added to the Detailed Call History section in Calling analytics:
User Name
Email
Endpoint Type
Device Type
Webex Calling Media Quality report
You can now find out the media quality metrics of call legs, such as audio jitter, video packet loss, connection used, and more with the Webex Calling Media Quality report.
Troubleshooting in Partner Hub
As a partner admin, you can now view meeting troubleshooting details for customers that have bought a Webex Meetings subscription from your partner organization.
July 2023
Device energy consumption analytics are now available
Device energy consumption analytics models the estimated energy that current measurable devices in your organization are consuming over a selected date range and the estimated greenhouse gas emissions (measured in CO2e) associated with their energy consumption.
June 2023
Manage multiple alerts in Alerts center
You can now select multiple alerts in Alerts center to resolve them all at once or to export certain groups.
May 20223
User-centric troubleshooting
User-centric troubleshooting is now available. When you search for a user's e-mail address, you can see a high-level overview of their media quality metrics in those meetings and calls.
April 2023
New columns in Meetings Attendees report
Three new columns have been added to the Meetings Attendees report:
Client_Type—Client that the participant used to join the meeting.
Sub_Client—Method that the participant used to join the meeting.
Client_Browser_Details—App or browser that the participant used to join the meeting.
Call Legs by ISP chart in Calling analytics
We've added a Call Legs by ISP chart in the Media Quality section of Calling analytics. You can use this chart to help you determine if media quality issues are coming from specific internet service providers.
New UI tooltips and validation messages to indicate report limit of 50
We've added new UI tooltips and validation messages to let you know that you can save or generate up to 50 reports before having to delete existing ones to create new reports.
Meetings Embedded Apps report
You can now find out what embedded apps are being used by participants during meetings with the Meetings Embedded Apps report.
Subscriptions analytics for Partner Hub
Analytics data for subscriptions with Webex Calling and Webex Meetings is now available to partner administrators. You can use subscriptions analytics to help drive customer adoption, measure a customer's use of licenses, see if there's an upsell opportunity, and more.
March 2023
Report notifications are now sent from a new email address
Currently, report notifications are sent from pda@cisco.com. These notifications are now sent from reports_controlhub@webex.com. Make sure to note this change and that the new email address isn't marked as spam by accident.
Meeting Future Schedules report now includes Webex Webinars
The Meeting Future Schedules report has been updated to include a new value in the ServiceType column called WB. WB indicates that the future meeting is a Webex Webinar.
UI tooltips for features and capabilities in Reports that are only available for Pro Pack
When downgrading from Pro Pack to Standard or if you have a Standard licenese by default, UI tooltips are now shown if a feature or capability in Reports is only available for Pro Pack.
In-Meeting Feature Usage Report now available to EU customers
EU customers now have access to the previously released In-Meeting Feature Usage report.
February 2023
Updated naming format for downloaded reports
Currently, when you download a report, the file uses alphanumeric characters_download date as the naming format. Reports now use the following format for their file names when you download them:
Default report template—Default Template Name_alphanumeric characters_Download Date
Custom report template—Custom Template Name_alphanumeric characters_Download Date
January 2023
ThousandEyes Cloud Agents can now be deployed to Webex Calling data centers
You can now deploy ThousandEyes Cloud Agents to Webex Calling data centers. The agents capture RTP traffic in a bidirectional way to help determine issues in the network path between the Webex Calling data center and the enterprise network.
Read this article for best practices on how to set up tests with Cloud Agents for Webex Calling.
Troubleshooting now supports Basic Meetings
You can now see Troubleshooting details for users with Basic Meetings licenses.
Troubleshooting now shows if a recording was saved to the cloud or to a local machine
Recording Type has been added in Meetings Details, which shows if the meeting was recorded to the cloud or to a local machine.
December 2022
Meetings In-Meeting Feature Usage report is now available
You can now find out what collaboration features are being used by users during meetings with the Meetings In-Meeting Feature Usage report.
Reports are now only available as compressed files
To improve performance, all reports now download as compressed files.
November 2022
New cohost column added to the Meetings Attendees report
You can now find out if an attendee was a cohost with the new IS_COHOST column in the Meetings Attendees report.
UI enhancements for Reports
UI enhancements have been made in the Reports section for an improved end-user experience. Admins can access the information they're interested in with a more simplified workflow and easier readability. Improvements include:
Reports have been split into categories for optimal grouping and sorting.
Each category has sub-categories for additional optimal grouping.
New search features.
New right-hand panel is displayed when clicking on a template This panel provides a high-level overview of the report and includes key metrics in the report.
Webex Calling and ThousandEyes Cloud Agent integration
You can now connect ThousandEyes Enterprise Agents to Cloud Agents located in the Webex Calling cloud to perform bidirectional network performance testing. Currently, the Webex Calling data centers that support ThousandEyes Cloud Agents are Amsterdam, Frankfurt, and Singapore.

  Webex Calling Cloud Agents are managed and accessed in the ThousandEyes dashboard.
Read ThousandEyes integration with Webex Services in Control Hub for more information.
October 2022
Webex Calling call queue analytics and reports are now available
You can now view data for call queues set up in your organization, such as how many calls were abandoned, the average minutes that callers spent waiting in call queues, total number of incoming calls, and more.
Read the Call Queue section of Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio and the Webex Calling section of Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
Webex Calling auto-attendants analytics and reports are now available
You can now view data for auto-attendants set up in your organization, such as number of calls during and after business hours, number of calls routed to auto-attendants, busiest time of the day, and more.
Read the Auto-Attendant section of Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio and the Webex Calling section of Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
External domain report is now available
You can now download an external domain report, which gives you details on which external domains are collaborating with your organization in Webex App and which users in your organization are in external spaces.
Read the Webex Messaging section of Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
August 2022
Retiring the Engagement and Quality tabs in Calling analytics
The Engagement and Quality tabs in Calling analytics will be retired on September 30, 2022. You can continue using the Media Quality dashboard to get call quality and usage information.
Share custom dashboards with other administrators
As a full administrtaor, you can now share custom dashboards that you created with other administrators in your organization.
Read the Share dashboards section of Custom analytics dashboards for more information.
User feedback in Troubleshooting
You can now provide feedback on how we can improve the information available in Troubleshooting.
July 2022
New Webex Meetings telephony report
A new telephony report for Webex Meetings is now available. This report shows you the different audio options that participants used during a meeting, such as callback, VoIP, premium toll, and more.
Workspaces analytics
With the new workspaces analytics, you can improve the hybrid work experience in your office and understand your workspace usage, bookings, occupancy, and trends over time. Detailed information along with charts and graphs give you the tools to effectively manage the locations where your employees work. Having knowledge of workspaces allows administrators to provide rooms when needed and reallocate poorly utilized locations.
Read the Workspaces section of Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
ThousandEyes integration with Troubleshooting
You can now integrate ThousandEyes with Troubleshooting. ThousandEyes offers a a way for you to see full path visibility of users across the network to isolate issues with greater clarity. You can also cross launch to the ThousandEyes dashboard from Troubleshooting to see more details for each path.
Read Integrate ThousandEyes with Troubleshooting in Control Hub for more information.
June 2022
New enhancements for Media Quality in Calling analytics
The Media Quality tab in Calling analytics have had these following enhancements made:
Users with worst calling experience table
We added a table that lets you see the top 300 users in your organization who experienced the most poor quality call legs. This table can help you quickly see which users to focus on and find out why they might be having poor quality call legs as opposed to other users.
Cross launch into Troubleshooting from Calling analytics
When you click on a name in the Users with Worst Calling Experience table, a new tab opens up to Troubleshooting that shows you all the call legs that the user made within the date range that you selected, up to 21 days.
Filter by user name or email address
We added the option to filter all charts by specific user names or email addresses.

  You must enter the user's full name or email address to apply the filter. For example, if you want to filter the data for John Doe, but only type in John or johndoe, the filter for that user won't show up.
Data for Calls on Webex in Calling Media Quality analytics
Data for call legs that use Call on Webex is now available for all charts in the Media Quality tab of Calling analytics.
Read the Calling section of Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
May 2022
Download custom dashboards as a PDF
You can now download custom dashboards as a PDF to take a snapshot of the current data.
Read Custom analytics dashboards for your cloud collaboration portfolio in Control Hub for more information.
April 2022
Build your own dashboards in Analytics
You can now build your own customized dashboards in Analytics using the KPIs and charts available for Meetings, Messaging, Calling, and Devices analytics.
Read Custom analytics dashboardsfor your cloud collaboration portfolio in Control Hub for more information.
March 2022
New Media Quality tab in Calling analytics
Our new Calling Media Quality dashboard in Control Hub makes it easy to manage Webex Calling call quality across your organization. High level key performance indicators (KPIs) give administrators a quick view of global call quality. Our charts provide detailed views of this data by location, IP address, media type, connection type, codec, endpoint type, and IP phone model. Data is also now updated near real-time. You can see call quality data within 15 minutes of when a call ends.
Administrators can use filters for even more granularity, such as isolating call quality data by location and IP phone type in just seconds. These tools enable our customers to deliver a consistent, high quality calling experience, and resolve issues before users complain.

  Data for this tab is only available for Webex Calling calls, not for Call on Webex calls.
Read the Calling section of Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio for more information.
Troubleshooting for Webex Calling calls
A new way to visualize your Webex Calling calls. Use the troubleshooting tool to look up Webex Calling calls, and see hop-by-hop packet loss, jitter, and latency information. The troubleshooting view displays useful call information, pinpoints media quality issue, and aid in speedy resolution. Available in all regions and for calls involving desk phones and soft clients both desktop and mobile.
Read Troubleshoot Webex Calling Media Quality in Control Hub for more information.
Analytics for Webex for Wholesale and Webex for Broadworks partners
As a partner, you can now view package assignment metrics for your customers. These charts show you all the packages you’ve assigned to customers, and can help you see if your customers are open to adopting more Webex services.

  To see partner analytics, you must have the feature toggle enabled for your organization. If you don't see the Analytics tab in Partner Hub, then talk to the Partner Onboarding team on how to enable this feature.
Read Analytics for Webex for Wholesale and Webex for Broadworks packages in Partner Hub for more information.
February 2022
Create customized templates
Custom templates are now available in Reports. You can use existing templates to reorder or remove certain columns to view the data that you want to focus on.
Read the custom templates section in this article for more information.
Focus on media quality issues for Webex Room and Desk series devices with the quality tab
The Quality tab in Devices Analytics is now available. The charts in this tab focus on the audio and video quality minutes for Webex Room and Desk series devices to help you see if there are any media quality issues when they’re used during Webex calls.
January 2022
New host indictor column added to Meetings Attendees report
A new HOST_INDICATOR column has been added to the Meetings Attendees report to show which participant was the host in a meeting.
December 2021
New VIMT License and VIMT Usage Reports for Webex Devices
Two new reports are now available for you to view how Video Integration for Microsoft Teams (VIMT) is being used in your organization. The VIMT license report shows you license usage for unique active devices that use VIMT in your organization, and the VIMT usage report provides you details about calls here Webex Devices used VIMT to join Microsoft Teams meetings.
New simultaneous interpretation column added to Meetings Details report
A new SI_USED column has been added to the Meetings Details report to show if meetings had the simultaneous interpretation feature enabled by hosts.
October 2021
Meetings analytics enhancements
The quality page in Meetings analytics has been split up into three sections to get a more deeper understanding of quality of service for VoIP, video, and join meeting times, along with new charts added for each section.
New charts for VoIP quality, video quality, and join meeting time sections
Added a chart that compares internal and external users.
Added a chart that shows the local IP addresses of participants.
Added a world map that shows the number of participants and media quality by location.
Added a chart that show trending data for packet loss, latency, and jitter.
Added a chart that shows the average join meeting time and percentiles.
September 2021
View troubleshooting data for webcasts
You can now search for and view media quality data for webcasts hosted in Webex Events (new).
View troubleshooting data for Webex Room Devices used in Microsoft's Cloud Video Interop
You can now view media quality data for cloud-registered Webex Room devices that were used in Microsoft Teams meetings through Microsoft's Cloud Video Interop (CVI).
Historical Meetings Data API Now Available
You can now access analytics data related to Webex Meetings with the new Historical Data related to Meetings API. This allows you access to pull large-scale data into your own business intelligence system.
For more information, see the Historical API developer page.
Cisco Headsets Analytics
You can now view usage data for Cisco Headsets by country, model, and connection type to help determine how your organization is utilizing all the headsets.
Personal Insights for Users in Your Organization
You can now enable Personal Insights for your organization. Personal Insights allow users to get insights and analysis on how they're spending their time in meetings. They can set and achieve goals, see how their work-life balance can be improved, build better quality connections, and a more inclusive work experience for all.
For more information, see Enable Personal Insights.
End-to-end Encryption Column Added to Meetings Details Report
The Meetings Details report now shows if meetings had end-to-end encryption enabled in the IS_E2EE column.
Messaging Analytics Enhancements
The following enhancements were made to get more visibility into messaging users:
Added web client and Linux platform data.
New chart that shows how many local files have been shared.
New chart that shows the top 300 users that sent messages in the last 30 days.
New chart that shows the top 300 users that shared files in the last 30 days.
August 2021
Webex for Government: New Features for Analytics, Diagnostics, and Reports
Analytics, Diagnostics, and Reports for Webex for Government organizations have been updated to the latest designs that match up to the July release in commercial organizations.

  Data for Join Meeting time and Webex Events (new) in Diagnostics and API support in Reports will be available at a later time for Webex for Government organizations.
Webex for Government Meetings Analytics
Improved loading time performance when viewing data to seconds.
Updated designs for charts and KPIs.
Webex for Government Messaging Analytics
Improved loading time performance when viewing data to seconds.
Updated designs for charts and KPIs.
Webex for Government Calling Analytics
New page for analytics about calls when using Call on Webex in the Webex app. You can track which platforms users are calling from and the quality of their calls.
Webex for Government Devices Analytics
New page for analytics about device usage. You can track which devices are being used for what activities and how often they're being used.
Webex for Government Reports
The Reports tab in Analytics now has its own section under Monitoring on the left navigation of Control Hub. You can also now schedule reports to run automatically in a daily, weekly, or monthly format.
Added new Meetings and Messaging CSV reports.
Webex for Government Diagnostics
New KPIs and a meeting summary have been added in the meeting details page.
You can now click on a filter that shows all participants with network quality issues.
You can now search for a specific participant or filter participants by a certain category when looking in the meeting details page.
New Devices CSV Report
A new report that provides historical data about the devices set up in your organization is now available. This report helps you see which devices are being used for what activity, and can help you see if there are devices that are being underutilized.
New Onboarding Summary Report
A new report that provides data about the count of users that were onboarded to your organization is now available.
July 2021
Unified Search for Webex Meetings and Webex App to Webex App Calls
You can now search and view media quality data for direct calls made using Call on Webex in Diagnostics.
Support for Webex Events (New) and Webex Events (Classic) in Diagnostics
You can now view media quality data for events in Webex Events (new) and Webex Events (classic).
Virtual Background and Breakout Sessions Indicator in Reports
The Meetings Attendees report has been updated to include a column that lets you know when attendees used a virtual background and if they joined a breakout session.
June 2021
Search and Filter Participants in Diagnostics
You can now search for a specific participant or filter participants by a certain category when looking at the meeting details page.
Max Latency and Average Packet Loss Details
You can now see the maximum latency and the average receiving packet loss of participants in Diagnostics. Both of these metrics are captured every minute. These metrics can help you figure out where the source of network issues is coming from faster.
Events Report
A new report that provides historical data for events hosted in Webex Events (new) is now available for you to download. You can use this report to get a list of all the past events hosted in your organization to find out the event ID, who the host was, when the event started and ended, if it was a webcast or event, and more.
Real-Time Data for Audio tab in Meetings Analytics
The Audio tab in Meetings Analytics now has near real-time data available within 10 minutes of when a meeting starts, just like the Engagement, Participants, and Quality tabs.
Meeting Analytics Multi-Site Selection
You can now combine Meetings data from multiple Webex sites into one dashboard with the Webex site selection in Meetings Analytics.
Improved Navigation for Reports
The Reports tab in Analytics now has its own section under Monitoring on the left navigation of Control Hub.
Updated Quality Data in Meetings Attendees Report
The Meetings Attendees report now shows each participant's media quality metrics like the max and average packet loss, jitter, and latency, hardware, CPU information, data center that they connected to, and the client type and version used to join the meeting.
The following column names have also been renamed:
CLIENT_IP to LOCAL_IP
GATEWAY_IP to PUBLIC_IP
VOIP_PACKET_LOSS to VOIP_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_LATENCY to VOIP_AVERAGE_LATENCY
In addition, the calculation for VOIP_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS and VOIP_AVERAGE_LATENCY have been changed to align with the same calculation in Analytics and Troubleshooting. The following table compares the previous and updated column names for the Meetings Attendees report.
Table 1. Column Names Comparison for Meetings Attendees Report
Previous Column Names
Updated Column Names
MEETING_NUMBER
MEETING_NUMBER
MEETING_NAME
MEETING_NAME
CONFERENCE_ID
CONFERENCE_ID
USER_NAME
USER_NAME
EMAIL
EMAIL
LOCATION
LOCATION
JOIN_DATE
JOIN_DATE
START_TIME
START_TIME
END_TIME
END_TIME
DURATION
DURATION
OS
OS
BROWSER
BROWSER
CLIENT_IP
LOCAL_IP
GATEWAY_IP
PUBLIC_IP
JOIN_MEETING_TIME
JOIN_MEETING_TIME
VOIP_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_LATENCY
VOIP_AVERAGE_LATENCY
TCP_PERCENTAGE
TCP_PERCENTAGE
UDP_PERCENTAGE
UDP_PERCENTAGE
IS_CMR
IS_CMR
IS_SHARING
IS_SHARING
IS_RECORD
IS_RECORD
VIDEO_MINUTES
VIDEO_MINUTES
CLIENT
CLIENT_VERSION
MEDIA_NODE
CONNECTION
HARDWARE
CAMERA
MICROPHONE
SPEAKER
VOIP_AVERAGE_LATENCY
VOIP_MAX_LATENCY
VOIP_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_RECEIVING_MAX_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_SENDING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_SENDING_MAX_PACKET_LOSS
VOIP_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_JITTER
VOIP_RECEIVING_MAX_JITTER
VOIP_SENDING_AVERAGE_JITTER
VOIP_SENDING_MAX_JITTER
VIDEO_AVERAGE_LATENCY
VIDEO_MAX_LATENCY
VIDEO_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VIDEO_RECEIVING_MAX_PACKET_LOSS
VIDEO_SENDING_AVERAGE_PACKET_LOSS
VIDEO_SENDING_MAX_PACKET_LOSS
VIDEO_RECEIVING_AVERAGE_JITTER
VIDEO_RECEIVING_MAX_JITTER
VIDEO_SENDING_AVERAGE_JITTER
VIDEO_SENDING_MAX_JITTER
CPU_APPLICATION_AVERAGE
CPU_APPLICATION_MAX
CPU_SYSTEM_AVERAGE
CPU_SYSTEM_MAX
April 2021
Redesigned Analytics: Calling and Messaging
We're adding redesigned analytics for messaging and calling, expanding a better analytics experience across the suite of services. The Analytics pages are designed with a user-friendly layout showing key performance metrics, contextual filtering, and faster load times.
Revamped Video Mesh Analytics Page
The Video Mesh Analytics page is getting updated with separate KPIs for the Engagement, Resources, and Bandwidth Usage tabs, updated charts with more detailed data, and faster load times for the data.
Video Mesh Engagement Tab Redesign
Added the following KPIs that provide data on activities used during meetings:
Total Call Legs
On-Premises Call Legs
Cloud Call Legs
Overflowed to Cloud Call Legs
The Call Join Overview and Call Join Activity charts have been updated to the Call Legs by Cluster Type and Call Legs by Cluster Type Trend charts.
The Client Type Overview and Client Type Usage charts have been updated to the Call Legs by Endpoint Type and Call Legs by Endpoint Type Trend charts.
The Meeting Resources Overview and Meeting Details charts have been updated to the Meeting Connections by Call Legs and Meeting Connections by Call Legs Trend.
Video Mesh Resources Tab Redesign
Added the following KPIs that provide data on Video Mesh clusters in your organization:
Avg Cluster Availability
Overflowed to Cloud Call Legs
Redirected Call Legs
The Percentage of Node Availability Per Cluster, Node Availability Across On-Premises Clusters, and Nodes in Service charts have been updated to the Cluster Availability by Percentage, Cluster Availability by Node, and Node Availability charts.
The Overflow to Cloud chart has been updated to the Call Leg Overflows to Cloud by Cause and Call Leg Overflows to Cloud by Cause Trend charts.
The Call Redirects chart has been updated to the Call Leg Redirects by Cause and Call Leg Redirects by Cause Trend charts.
The Call Distribution Overview and Call Distribution Across On-Premises Clusters charts have been updated to the Maximum Call Distribution by Cluster and Maximum Call Distribution by Cluster Trend charts.
The Resource Utilization Overview and Resource Utilization charts have been updated to the Average Resource Utilization by Cluster and Average Resource Utilization by Cluster Trend charts.
Video Mesh Bandwidth Usage Tab Redesign
Added the following KPIs that provide data on the usage of Video Mesh clusters in your organization:
Total Data Usage
Transmitted Data Usage
Received Data Usage
Audio Data Usage
Video Data Usage
The Total Cascade Bandwidth Usage chart has been updated to the Total Cascaded Data Usage by Cluster and Total Cascaded Bandwidth Usage by Cluster Trend charts.
The Cascade Bandwidth Usage chart has been updated to the Total Cascaded Data Usage by Data Transmission and Total Cascaded Bandwidth Usage by Data Transmission Trend charts.
The Cascade Bandwidth Usage Across Streams chart has been updated to the Total Cascaded Data Usage by Stream and Total Cascaded Bandwidth Usage by Stream Trend charts.
Revamped Reports and Report Scheduler
The Reports page was revamped to provide you with an easy-to-read catalog of reports that are available for you to download. You can also now schedule reports to run automatically in a daily, weekly, or monthly format instead of manually running a report each time.
Meeting Network Quality Trending Alert
The Meeting Network Quality Trending alert inspects the quality of all meetings at the end of each day and then sends out an alert if the average network performance is trending down. You can use this alert to catch possible network issues early so that future meetings can run smoothly.
Cloud-Registered Video Device Support and Average System CPU for VIP Live Meeting Quality Issue Alert
You can now monitor room devices and set a threshold for average system CPU with the VIP Live Meeting Quality Issue alert.
February 2021
Revamped Meetings Analytics Engagement Page
The Meetings Engagement page was revamped with separate KPIs and is now split into two tabs, Engagement and Participants. The Engagement tab shows KPIs and metrics for the types of activities that participants did during meetings. The Participants tab shows KPIs and metrics for how participants joined meetings.
Meetings Engagement Tab Redesign
Added the following KPIs that provide data on activities used during meetings:
Total Meetings
Total Meeting Minutes
Total Video Meetings
Total Sharing Meetings
Total Recording Meetings
The Usage by Meetings and Usage by Activity charts have been combined into the Meetings by Activity chart. This chart also captures data for when a meeting was recorded.
Two new Meeting Minutes by Activity charts have been added. These charts show how many minutes each activity was used for during meetings.
New Meetings Participants Tab
Added the followings KPIs that provide data about hosts and participants:
Total Meetings
Total Unique Hosts
Total Participants
The Join Method chart has been updated to the Participants by Join Method charts.
The Participants by Roles chart has been updated with a new look and now captures hosts and attendees instead of hosts and participants.
The Usage by Location chart has been updated to the Participants by Join Location charts.
The Usage by Participant Minutes chart has been updated to the Participant Minutes chart.
Revamped Meetings Analytics Audio Page
The Meetings Audio page was revamped with separate KPIs and metrics for VoIP minutes, telephony minutes, and audio-only meetings, plus more trending charts with summary statistics. The added KPIs are:
Total Audio Minutes
Total VoIP Minutes
Total Telephony Minutes
The Audio Sources chart has been combined into the Audio Usage By Type chart.
The Participant Details table has been removed and is now available as the Webex Attendee report in the Reports tab. You can also download the Webex Meeting Audio Usage report for audio details.
Webex Assistant for Meetings Indicator in Webex Meeting Report
You can now see which meetings had the Webex Assistant for Meetings enabled in the Webex Meeting report.
January 2021
View Quality Data for Breakout Sessions
You can now see quality data for breakout sessions within a meeting. The blue line at the top of the timeline represents a breakout session. Click on the blue line to see which participants joined the breakout session and how long they were in there for to help you isolate issues within a specific breakout session.
View Which Participant Paired With a Device
When a participant uses a device or connects through PSTN to join a meeting, the name of the participant now shows up under the device. This helps you see which participants paired with which device, making it easier for you to reach out to the correct participant to assist them.