January 20, 2023 |
42758 view(s) |
147 people thought this was helpful
Webex best practices for secure meetings: Site Administration
Follow these best practices to help ensure security for your Webex meetings, trainings, and events.
Overview of Webex security
The Webex Meetings Suite helps enable global employees and virtual teams to meet and collaborate in real time as though they were working in the same room. Businesses, institutions, and government agencies worldwide rely on Webex. Webex helps to simplify business processes and improve results for sales, marketing, training, project management, and support teams.
For all organizations and their users, security is a fundamental concern. Online collaboration must provide multiple levels of security, from scheduling meetings to authenticating participants to sharing content.
Webex provides a secure environment that you can configure as an open place to collaborate. Understanding the security features as site administrators and end users can allow you to tailor your Webex site to your business needs.
For additional information, see the Webex security technical paper.
Best practices for Webex administrators
Effective security begins with Webex site administration; which allows administrators to manage and enforce security policies for host and presenter privileges. For example, an authorized administrator can customize session configurations to disable a presenter’s ability to share applications, or to transfer files on a per-site or a per-user basis.
We absolutely recommend that you keep your number of administrators to a minimum. Fewer administrators means fewer opportunities for site setting errors.
After you review the best practices for site administrators, be sure to review the best practices for secure meetings for hosts.
We recommend using the following features for protection of your meetings:
Use Scheduled Meetings for comprehensive security
All meetings: Lock meetings after a default time
All meetings: Use the lobby to control meeting access for guest users
Scheduled meetings: Enforce meeting password when joining from phone or video conferencing systems

Scheduled meetings: Don't allow attendees to join before the meeting host



Personal Room Meetings: Use CAPTCHA for guests joining Personal Room Meetings
All meetings: Disable callback to certain countries

All meetings: Make all meetings unlisted
All meetings: Control content sharing and file transfer
All meetings: Make all meetings accessible only to users in your site, by requiring sign-in when joining a meeting, event, or training session

All meetings: Hide the meeting link from attendees, within meetings

All meetings: Disable virtual cameras
Account management