August 04, 2023 |
16317 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Collaboration restrictions for Webex Meetings in Control Hub
To make your organization more secure, you can block internal users from joining meetings outside of your organization, and block external users from joining meetings within your organization. You can also disable certain in-meeting features, such as chat, file transfers, screen shares, annotations, Q&A, polling, notes, and remote control.
Overview
Webex Meetings
Webex App
Overview
You can restrict all users from joining meetings outside your organization, or restrict access to certain in-meeting features to make sure that users follow your organization's policies. When users try to use a disabled feature, an indicator appears to let them know about the restriction set by the organization.

  Collaboration restrictions only support Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. These restrictions don't apply to Webex Events (classic), Webex Training, and Webex Support.
These settings apply only to users who are on the Webex Meetings client version 42.3 or higher and Webex App client version 43.6 or higher.
Users can bypass these restrictions by joining internal and external meetings with their personal email addresses, or as guests. To avoid users bypassing these restrictions, follow the steps in Restrict Collaboration Features for Windows, Mac, Android, and iOS devices to add a token to company devices to make sure that accounts used with the devices follow the restrictions set by your organization.
When applying collaboration restrictions, if the user logs in with a different organization ID from the registry, Control Hub follows the most restrictive policy. Both, the user policy and the organization policy are checked. But if the user logs in with the same organization ID in the registry, then Control Hub follows the logged in user’s policy.
Collaboration restrictions at a group or user level
If you want to set up policies for specific groups or on a per user basis instead of the whole organization, you can do so by creating meetings settings templates.
Allow or block external users from joining meetings in your organization
You can allow or block users outside of your organization from joining meetings hosted by users in your organization.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
2
Click Settings.
3
Under Meetings, select one of the following next to Internal:
Allow all external users—Users outside of your organization can join meetings hosted by users in your organization.
Allow external users with approved email domains—Users with email domains that you approved can join meetings hosted by users in your organization.
Block all external users—Users outside of your organization can't join meetings hosted by users in your organization.
4
If you selected Allow external users with approved email domains, enter an approved email domain and click Add. You can also toggle Apply these settings to Personal Room Meetings only on, to apply the internal meeting policy.
Block users from joining external meetings in Control Hub
When you block users from joining external meetings, they can't join meetings that are hosted from Webex sites outside of your organization. But you can allow users to join meetings on certain Webex sites, by adding those Webex sites to an approved list setting.
New behavior changes
Previously, you could allow users to join external meetings and any collaboration features that you restricted would still work. For example, if you restricted chat during meetings, users could still use the chat panel in external meetings that were in the approved list.
This behavior has now changed with a recent update. The approved list is now a list of sites that users can join external meetings in with the collaboration restrictions that you set. For example, if you restricted chat, then users won't be able to use the chat panel in external meetings.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
2
Click Settings.
3
Under Meetings, select one of the following next to External:
Allow all external sites—Users are allowed to join all external meetings.
Allow approved external sites—Users can only join external meetings from approved Webex sites.
Block all external sites—Users aren't allowed to join external meetings from any Webex site.
4
If you selected Allow approved external sites, enter a Webex sitename and click Add.
What to do next
If you allow users to join external meetings, you can select which collaboration features users have available to them during external meetings.
Restrict collaboration features in Webex Meetings
These settings apply to users joining internal and external meetings. If you want to restrict your in-meeting features, then you can create and use a custom session type or a meeting settings template.
Session types support only internal meeting policies. Session types are applicable only when the user is the meeting host.
Meeting settings templates support internal and external meeting policies. Meeting settings templates are applicable when the user is the meeting host or participant.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
2
Click Settings.
3
Toggle the features you want to enable or disable for users during internal or external meetings:
Breakout sessions
Broadcast messages—Users have access to broadcast messages.
Collaboration tools
Setting Description Available for Webex meetings on the Video Mesh-ready platform?
Annotation If you are a restricted user and annotation is disabled, others can't annotate your sharing. Annotation is blocked for you. When others are sharing, you can view what's being shared, but you can't annotate. If the restricted user is the meeting host, then nobody in the meeting can annotate. Yes
Polling If disabled, the restricted user cannot use the polling feature. No
Q&A If disabled, the restricted user cannot use the Q&A feature. No
In meeting
Setting Description Available for Webex meetings on the Video Mesh-ready platform?
Chat If disabled, the restricted user cannot send or receive chat messages. If the restricted user is the meeting host, then nobody in the meeting can chat. Yes
Closed captioning If disabled, the restricted user cannot use the Closed captioning feature. Yes
Enforce virtual background Requires that users have a virtual background in order to turn their video on. Yes
File transfer If disabled, the restricted user cannot share files, and cannot view or download shared files. Yes
Participant list If disabled, the restricted user cannot view the participant list. If the restricted user is the meeting host, then nobody in the meeting can view the participant list. Yes
Take presenter If disabled, users cannot take the presenter role. Yes
Notes If disabled, the restricted user cannot use the Notes feature. No
Webex Assistant If disabled, Webex Assistant is not available in the meeting.

  This only applies to the host.
Yes
Recording
Setting Description
Available for Webex meetings on the Video Mesh-ready platform?
Cloud recording If disabled, the restricted user cannot record a meeting to the cloud. Yes
Local recording
If disabled, the restricted user cannot record a meeting to their local computer.
Yes
Remote control
Turn on remote control—Users can remotely control another computer during the meeting, and allow anyone to remotely control their computers.
Setting Description Available for Webex meetings on the Video Mesh-ready platform?
Application remote control If unchecked, the restricted user cannot remotely control another user's application. No
Desktop remote control If unchecked, the restricted user cannot remotely control another user's desktop. Yes
Web browser remote control If unchecked, the restricted user cannot remotely control another user's web browser. No
Sharing
Enable sharing—Allow users to share their screen. Toggle this and/or the following sharing features off to increase security.
Setting Description Available for Webex meetings on the Video Mesh-ready platform?
Application sharing If unchecked, the restricted user cannot share an application. Yes
Desktop sharing If unchecked, the restricted user cannot share their desktop. Yes
File and whiteboard sharing If unchecked, the restricted user cannot share files or the whiteboard. Yes
Web browser sharing If unchecked, the restricted user cannot share their web browser, but they can view others' shared web browsers. No
Camera sharing If unchecked, the restricted user cannot share video from their camera. Yes
Telephony
Call in (host only)
Toll—Allow incoming toll calls only.
Toll and toll free—Allow incoming calls which are either toll or toll-free.
Global call in—Allow a local phone number to call in to Webex meetings. The local numbers that are available depend on the configuration in your Webex site.
Calling Line Identification (CLI)—Allow additional security for your meetings. CLI is a form of caller ID that sends a caller's phone number to the system before the call is answered. For more information, see Enable CLI Authentication for Webex Meetings, Webinars, and Training.
Check Use authentication PIN if you want to require a PIN when using CLI.
Call back (host only)—If toggled on, these options apply to the host. But if toggled off, they are disabled for everyone.
If Call back is toggled on, you can check the box next to Global call back. If this option is checked, all attendees will be prompted to enter their phone numbers after they join the meeting, and Webex calls back each attendee to connect them to the meeting.
VoIP—Allow host and participants to use VoIP.
Other teleconference service (host only)—If toggled off, the host cannot use a third-party teleconference service.
Video
Enable video—Allow participants to turn on video.
Standard definition (360p)—User's video can only stream up to 360p.
High definition (720p)—User's video can stream up to 720p.
4
In the Internal Webex Meetings section, toggle on
Override participant settings when hosting to allow participants to share the same meeting policy as the host.
Administrators can enable meeting settings override and use existing settings templates to enforce meeting policies for specific hosts. This means that when the host initiates a meeting, all participants follow the host's policy rather than their own.