August 10, 2023 |
4240 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Integrate ThousandEyes with Troubleshooting in Control Hub
Integrate ThousandEyes with Troubleshooting so you can see full path visibility of users across the network to isolate issues with greater clarity.
Overview
Install and activate ThousandEyes
View ThousandEyes data in Troubleshooting
Required Webex version to view ThousandEyes data
Control Hub Troubleshooting integration with ThousandEyes endpoint automated session testing (AST) requires the Webex App desktop version 42.7 and later.

  ThousandEyes AST supports both the desktop version of Webex Meetings app and Webex App. However, the integration for Troubleshooting only shows the network path for users who join through the desktop version of Webex App.
Integrate ThousandEyes for Board, Desk, and Room Series devices
If you want to view ThousandEyes data for Cisco collaboration devices, read this article on how to set up the ThousandEyes Agent integration with those devices.
How ThousandEyes work in Troubleshooting
Network path provides the total round-trip loss, latency from the client to each hop, and any delays from one hop to the next
When a user with a ThousandEyes endpoint agent installed on their machine joins a meeting through the Webex App or with a Cisco collaboration device, a Network Path line will be visible under Audio Quality in their participant details page. This line indicates the network path quality of audio data between the user’s client and the audio media node. In general, audio and video data travel the same path, and serviced by the same media node, so you can get a good sense of what the user's video quality is like, too. The network path quality is displayed as dotted lines. Each dotted line is based on the intervals set in the automated session test.
Loss (round-trip) reported by ThousandEyes in the Network Path is the loss percentage prior to application error recovery. A high packet loss prior to error recovery may not necessarily indicate a poor user experience because the application may have recovered some packet loss during retransmission. Webex App performs packet recovery to enhance the user's experience during poor network connections.
The loss (round-trip) won't match the packet loss value under the Audio Quality since the latter value is measured after error recovery. Audio Quality packet loss is a better indicator to the actual user experience.

  ThousandEyes AST starts capturing network path data as soon as the meeting starts. However, there could be a delay of up to five minutes before that data populates in Troubleshooting. When viewing a live meeting, refresh the page after five minutes if data hasn't populated yet.
You can hover over a dotted line to see the user's latency (round-trip) average value during that interval. The color changes depending on the threshold that the value met. Thresholds are calculated as:
Poor (red)—Latency > 400ms or Loss (round-trip) > 5%
Good (good)—Latency < 300ms or Loss (round-trip) < 3%
Fair (yellow)—Neither of the above.
Unknown (grey)—Data isn't available from ThousandEyes to Control Hub. You may still be able to retrieve the metric from the ThousandEyes dashboard directly.
Click on the pop-up window to view in-depth information about the path route that the hop took to each node.
Network path route shows granular details for each node
The network path route shows the details for each node that the hop connected to. The latency column shows the latency from the client's machine to the next hop. Link delays are shown in the brackets, which is the latency from the last hop to the current hop.
User machine node details
This node shows details of the user machine's network.
Table 1. User machine node details
Name Description
Name Name of the user's machine.
IP Address IP address of the user's machine.
Private IPv4 Private IPv4 address of the user's machine.
Loss (round-trip) Sending packet loss of the user's machine.
Latency End-to-end latency of the user's machine.
Jitter Sending jitter of the user's machine.
Location Location of the user's machine. If the machine connected to a VPN, then it'll show the VPN location instead.
Connection type node details
This node shows details about the connection type for the user's machine.
Table 2. Connection type details
Name Description
Name Name of the network connection.
SSID Service set identifier of the network.
Physical Mode Type of physical mode the network is using.
Channel Channel that the network is using.
Link Speed Bandwidth speed that the network is using.
Location Location of the user's machine. If the machine connected to a VPN, then it'll show the VPN location instead.
VPN node details
If the user's machine connected to a VPN, then you can see the details of the VPN used.
Table 3. VPN details
Name Description
Name Name of the VPN.
VPN Gateway IP Gateway IP that the VPN connected to.
VPN Type Type of VPN used.
Network node details
This node shows the details for all the hops made during the interval. A node will be highlighted as red if there's one hop in the node with more than 100ms latency.

  No information is shown for unknown nodes as those nodes don't respond to ICMP requests.
Table 4. Network node details
Name Description
Name Name of the hop.
IP Address IP address of the hop.
Prefix Prefix for the IP address of the hop.
Latency (Link Delay) Number out of the brackets is the latency from the user's machine to this hop. Number outside of the brackets is the latency from the last hop to this hop.
Network Network of the hop.
Location Location of the hop.