July 29, 2022 |
9156 view(s) |
33 people thought this was helpful
Known issues and limitations for polls and Q&A in Slido
Learn about known issues and limitations for polls and Q&A in Slido in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.
Slido is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. You can use Slido in Webex Meetings on version 41.6 and later sites, and in Webex Webinars on version 41.9 and later sites. Slido polls and Q&A in webinars are available for up to 10,000 attendees, while quizzes are available for up to 5,000 participants.
Known issues
Microsoft Edge WebView2 is required, if using Windows.
Otherwise, Slido prompts you to install it on first use and WebView2 downloads from Microsoft. Download and install can take several minutes, which could impact your meeting experience.
Polls and Q&A are included in meeting recordings only if Slido Present mode is screen-shared from a web browser or through Google Slides or PowerPoint integrations.
The color theme in Slido doesn't match the color theme in Meetings.
Workaround: There’s an option for hosts and meeting participants who launched Slido to customize the colors for participants.
Limitations
Webex users must be created in or linked to a Control Hub organization.
Slido isn’t available to meeting hosts in Site Admin managed sites, unless the site and users are linked to Control Hub and they use the same method of Webex authentication as Control Hub-managed users.
Slido isn't supported in meetings from a space in the Webex App. Slido can be launched and managed from the Meetings desktop app or from full-featured meetings in Webex App. Hosts can also go to https://www.slido.com and prepare and run Slido from there.
Participants can use Slido on the Meetings desktop, mobile, personal devices and web apps.
Slido isn't supported in Webex Events (classic) and in Webcast view for attendees in Webex Webinars.
If you make someone else the host during a meeting, the new host can't create and run polls and Q&A in Slido if the host already opened Slido via Apps during the meeting. The new host can request access to the active Slido as a collaborator unless they're from a different Webex organization.
Workaround: Open Settings from Slido panel and add collaborators to help you manage Slido in Webex Meetings.
Slido isn't supported in breakout sessions.
Webex room devices and desk devices for hosts aren't supported.
Slido isn't supported on Webex for Government sites.
Slido functionality isn’t available in end-to-end encrypted meetings.
Slido isn't supported if you use the Meetings web app in Internet Explorer 11.