March 03, 2022 |
79399 view(s) |
261 people thought this was helpful
Live stream your Webex meetings, webinars, or events
Live stream from Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, or Webex Events using Facebook Live, IBM Video Streaming, YouTube Live, Vbrick Rev, or any other streaming service. There's nothing to download or install. This allows you to connect with large audiences. Your meetings can have multiple hosts who can engage in a conversation and screen share.
If you're on a paid Meetings, Webinars, or Events plan and live streaming is enabled, you can live stream by using any streaming service that supports Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) and Real-Time Messaging Protocol Secure (RTMPS) streams. The audio, video, and shared content are live streamed.
This feature requires Webex video platform version 2.0. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
You can live stream each meeting or event to one live streaming service.
Your Webex administrator must enable live streaming.

If you subscribe to Webex from your Service Provider, please contact your Service Provider’s customer support team for help with live streaming.
Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren't supported while live streaming.
When you stream Meetings, Webinars, or Events content to a third-party streaming solution, Webex no longer owns or manages the security and privacy of content. Refer to the streaming service for information about security, privacy, and content retention.

Make sure that you have signed in to the streaming service and become familiar with the process of live streaming well before you intend to live stream your meeting or event.
If you want to stream your events with Webinars, you can also schedule a webinar in webcast view. Webinars in webcast view allow you to instantly stream the webinars for attendees to view in their browser. For more information see Start and manage a webinar in webcast view.
Desktop
Mobile
1
After you've started your meeting, webinar, or event, go to More options , and click Start live streaming.
2
Click Change streaming layouts to set the video layouts for your live stream.
For when you're not sharing content, you can choose from the following options:
Grid
Stage
Focus
For when you're sharing content, you can choose from the following options:
Stage
Focused content with active speaker
Focused content
3
Click Apply.
4
Select one of the following streaming services:
Click a link to learn how to generate a stream link and stream key.
IBM Video Streaming—Meetings, Events (classic), and Webinars
Facebook Live—Meetings, Events (classic), and Webinars
Vbrick Rev—Meetings, Events (classic), and Webinars
Workplace from Facebook—Meetings, Events (classic), and Webinars
Other streaming services—to use a streaming service such as YouTube using YouTube Live, or Twitter using Periscope Producer—Meetings, Events (classic), and Webinars

  Your site admin can set the video resolution up to 1080p.
5
Sign in to the account associated with your streaming service or enter the stream link and stream key if you selected Other streaming services.

  To generate the stream link and stream key, refer to the instructions from the streaming service.
6
Click Start streaming to start streaming from Meetings, Events (classic), or Webinars.
To confirm that you're streaming, check for the Live indicator in the upper-right corner of your meeting, webinar, or event.
7
Go back to the streaming service and wait until you see a preview of a live stream of your meeting, webinar, or event. When you see the preview, make the stream live.
8
(Optional) If you want to change the video layout during your live stream, from Meetings, Events (classic), or Webinars, click Live , click Change streaming layout, and select the layout you want to use.
9
When you want to end the live stream, go back to your meeting, webinar, or event, select More options , and then select Stop streaming.