February 08, 2022 |
4096 view(s) |
13 people thought this was helpful
Review and manage highlights created by Webex Assistant for Meetings
If you used Webex Assistant to capture highlights during your Webex meeting or webinar, the highlights are available after the meeting or webinar ends. The host can share the highlights with others and give them either view-only or edit privileges.
Webex Assistant is available in Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
Beginning with the 41.5 update, Webex Webinars supports Webex Assistant.
In addition to Meetings and Webinars, with the 41.7 update, Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Webex for Government doesn't support Webex Assistant.
This feature requires Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0 with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
Hosts can turn on or turn off the Webex Assistant during the meeting or webinar. To automatically turn on the Webex Assistant whenever you start a meeting or webinar, see Set your Webex Meetings scheduling preferences.
Windows and Mac
iOS
Android
Anyone who has edit privileges for the highlights can play audio of the highlights, edit the highlight text, change highlight labels, delete highlights, and send highlights to others.
1
Select the Highlights tab on the Meeting content page on your Webex site.
To navigate to the Meeting content page, see View meeting and webinar content created by Webex Assistant for Meetings.
2
If you're the meeting or webinar host or the host gave you edit privileges for the meeting content, you can do the following:
Option Description
Play audio of the highlight
Hover over the highlight and select Play Audio .
Edit the highlight text
Hover over the highlight and select Edit Highlight . Make your changes and select Save Edit Highlight .
Change the highlight label
Select the existing label and select the new label.
Send highlights to others
Select the highlights that you want to share and select . Enter the names or email addresses and select Send Email.
Delete the highlight
Hover over the highlight and select .
If the host gave you view-only privileges, you can play audio clips of the highlights.