September 13, 2022 |
36451 view(s) |
70 people thought this was helpful
Prepare Your Environment for Webex Calling
In this article
Requirements for Calling
Licensing
Webex Calling is available through the Cisco Collaboration Flex Plan. You must purchase an Enterprise Agreement (EA) plan (for all users, including 50% Workspaces devices) or a Named User (NU) plan (some or all users).
Webex Calling provides three license types ("Station Types")
Professional—These licenses provide a full feature set for your entire organization. This offer includes unified communications (Webex Calling), mobility (desktop and mobile clients with support for multiple devices), team collaboration in Webex App, and the option to bundle meetings with up to 1000 participants per meeting.
Basic—Choose this option if your users need limited features without mobility or unified communications. They'll still get a full-featured voice offer but are limited to a single device per user.

Basic licenses are only available if you have a Named User subscription. Basic licenses are not supported for Enterprise Agreement subscriptions.
Workspaces (also known as Common Area)—Choose this option if you're looking for basic dial-tone with a limited set of calling features appropriate for areas such as break rooms, lobbies, and conference rooms.
This documentation later shows you how to use Control Hub to manage these license distributions across locations in your organization.
Bandwidth Requirements
Each device in a video call requires up to 2 Mbps. Each device in an audio call requires 100 kbps. Phones at idle need minimal bandwidth.
Local Gateway for Premises-based PSTN
Both Value Added resellers (VARs) and Service Providers (SPs) can provide PSTN access to Webex Calling organizations. Local gateway is currently the only option to provide premises-based PSTN access. The local gateway can be deployed standalone or in deployments where integration into Cisco Unified Communications Manager is required. The local gateway requirements follow.
Supported Devices
Webex Calling supports Cisco Multiplatform (MPP) IP Phones. As an administrator, you can register the following phones to the cloud. See the following Help articles for more information:
Get Started with Your New Desk and Conference Multiplatform Phone
Get Started with Your New Cisco IP DECT 6800 Series
Cisco IP Phones with Multiplatform Firmware

For a complete list of supported devices for Webex Calling, see Supported Devices for Webex Calling.
Cisco Webex Room, Board, and Desk Devices are supported as devices in a Workspace that you create in Control Hub. See "Cisco Webex Room, Board, and Desk Devices" in Supported Devices for Webex Calling for more information. However, you can provide these devices with PSTN service by enabling Webex Calling for the Workspace.
Firewall
Meet the firewall requirements that are documented in Port Reference Information for Cisco Webex Calling.
Local Gateway Requirements for Webex Calling
General Prerequisites
Before you configure a local gateway for Webex Calling, ensure that you
Have a basic knowledge of VoIP principles
Have a basic working knowledge of Cisco IOS-XE and IOS-XE voice concepts
Have a basic understanding of Session Initiation Protocol (SIP)
Have a basic understanding of Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) if your deployment model includes Unified CM
More details can be found in the Cisco Unified Border Element (CUBE) Enterprise Configuration Guide at https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/ios-xml/ios/voice/cube/configuration/cube-book.html
Hardware and Software Requirements for Local Gateway
Make sure your deployment has one or more of the local gateways (Cisco CUBE (for IP-based connectivity) or Cisco IOS Gateway (for TDM-based connectivity)) that are in Table 1 of the Local Gateway for Webex Calling Ordering Guide. Additionally, make sure the platform is running a supported IOS-XE release as per the Local Gateway Configuration Guide.
License Requirements for Local Gateways
CUBE calling licenses must be installed on the local gateway. For more information, see the Cisco Unified Border Element Configuration Guide.
Certificate and Security Requirements for Local Gateway
Webex Calling requires secure signaling and media. The local gateway performs the encryption, and a TLS connection must be established outbound to the cloud with the following steps:
The LGW must be updated with the CA root bundle from Cisco PKI
A set of SIP digest credentials from Control Hub’s Trunk configuration page are used to configure the LGW (the steps are part of the configuration that follows)
CA root bundle validates presented certificate
Prompted for credentials (SIP digest provided)
The cloud identifies which local gateway is securely registered
Firewall, NAT Traversal, and Media Path Optimization Requirements for Local Gateway
In most cases, the local gateway and endpoints can reside in the internal customer network, using private IP addresses with NAT. The enterprise firewall must allow outbound traffic (SIP, RTP/UDP, HTTP) to specific IP addresses/ports, covered in Port Reference Information.
If you want to utilize Media Path Optimization with ICE, the local gateway’s Webex Calling facing interface must have a direct network path to and from the Webex Calling endpoints. If the endpoints are in a different location and there is no direct network path between the endpoints and the local gateway’s Webex Calling facing interface, then the local gateway must have a public IP address assigned to the interface facing Webex Calling for calls between the local gateway and the endpoints to utilize media path optimization. Additionally, it must be running IOS-XE version 16.12.5.