May 12, 2023 |
32353 view(s) |
85 people thought this was helpful
Enhanced Emergency Calling for Webex Calling
The enhanced emergency (E911) service for Webex Calling provides an emergency service designed for organizations with a hybrid or nomadic workforce. It provides dynamic location support and a network that routes emergency calls to Public Safety Answering Points (PSAP) around the US, its territories, and Canada.
Emergency services for Webex Calling
With Webex Calling, there are two ways you can set up and manage your emergency services for users.
Telephone-number-based emergency service (or Emergency callback number)—This option is best for organizations where devices are in fixed location and with a stationary workforce. In order to meet the regulatory needs of Kari’s Law and RAY BAUM’S Act, you can specify a user’s Emergency Callback Number (ECBN). That way, when a user makes an emergency call, their ECBN is presented to the telephone provider. The Public Safety Answer Point (PSAP), which is where emergency calls are routed, responds and then the call is mapped to the assigned Emergency Service Address (ESA). The ESA is the address the PSAP receives indicating the location of the emergency caller. This is designed to work when 911 calls are placed by users in the US and Canada.
Enhanced emergency (E911) service—This option, which is outlined in this article, is a dynamic emergency service designed for organizations with a hybrid or nomadic workforce. For an organization with hybrid workforce, users work both on-premises (in defined office buildings) or off-premises (remote work locations). When configured correctly by an administrator, this service can automatically detect location of a non-fixed devices (devices that can be moved to different locations without informing the administrator about the move) and Webex App when the user moves to a different location on-premises. This service also supports the Nomadic E911 service.
Nomadic E911 Service—RAY BAUM’S Act Phase 2 began in January 2022, and requires emergency calls to send a correct dispatch address for non-fixed devices and for nomadic users (for example, a Webex App user who take their app off-premises). This E911 service provides the configurations and settings to meet the regulatory requirements, when configured according the legal needs. When a nomadic user takes the Webex App to an off-premises location it prompts the user to input the dispatch address. Webex Calling uses this dispatch address in the event the user places a 911 call from that location. The Webex App detects network changes and prompts the user to input an address only when the user connects from a different off-premises network. When the user connects to an off-premises network for which they have already provided an address, Webex App automatically uses the address provided earlier for that network.

When a user makes an emergency call from the line that belongs to different location, the emergency calls will be routed to nearest PSAP location based on the physical location of the device. For more information, see Configuration of shared lines and virtual lines across locations.
This article focuses on Enhanced emergency (E911) service.

For more information on the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline and Veterans Crisis Line for Webex Calling, see: Enhanced 988 National Suicide Prevention Lifeline for Webex Calling.
Enhanced Emergency Calling checklist

Process workflow for E911 service integration
Creating your E911 account



Configure the Emergency Calling service

RedSky's role in the Webex Calling E911 service


Setup Alerts - E911 service emergency call notifications
Location detection

Deployment scenarios
Requirements for E911 service integration with Webex Calling
Enable E911 integration in Control Hub for your organization
Enable the E911 service for Webex Calling locations