June 22, 2023 |
722 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Register Cisco Video Phone 8875
Register your new phone after you turn it on and connect it to the network.
Register your phone
Depending on how your administrator configures your phone on the call control system, you might use one of the following methods to register your phone:
Method 1: No action is required during the phone registration. The registration is done automatically.
Method 2: A 16-digit activation code is required during the phone registration. You can get it from your administrator in advance. Enter the activation code when you are prompted for it.
Method 3: An alternate TFTP server address is required if your phone is missing a TFTP address. You can get it from your administrator when this situation occurs. You manually enter the alternate TFTP server to continue the registration.
With auto registration
With activation code
With alternate TFTP
Your phone gets registered automatically when it boots up and connects to the network. In this scenario of auto registration, you don't need to enter any input as the whole registration proceeds automatically.
Before you begin
You have turned on your phone.
Your phone connects to the corporate network.
Your administrator configures your phone on the call control system.
1
Tap Start.
If you don't take any action, the phone goes to the next step at timeout.
Your phone tries to connect to the network. If you use the wireless network, perform the next step. Otherwise, skip it.
2
(Optional) Choose your wireless network from the list, enter your credentials, and tap Apply.
3
Tap Next on the phone screen showing that your phone successfully connects to ethernet or WiFi.
If you don't take any action, the phone goes to the next step at timeout. Then the phone starts checking the configuration, and then starts the registration automatically.
If you are prompted to choose a call service, do one of the following actions:
If your phone will be registered on the Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), tap Cisco UCM > Register.
If your phone will be registered on the Webex Calling, tap Cisco cloud service > Register.

  Contact your administrator if you don't know which service should be selected.
Typically, the registration takes about 3 minutes depending on the network condition. During the registration, we recommend that you should not press the power button.
After the registration succeeds, your primary line name or number displays on the top left of the phone screen.
4
When the registration is complete, you will be prompted to enable or disable the noise removal feature.
If you don't take any action, the phone enables the feature at timeout.
This feature can filter out background noises during a call. If you choose to disable the feature now, you can still enable it later.