March 20, 2023 |
63994 view(s) |
331 people thought this was helpful
Select the screen layout for recordings in meetings, webinars and events
You can select your preferred screen layouts for recording your video-centric meetings, webinars and events. Mix and match popular layouts like grid view, stage view, focus view, and focused content view to give users the best experience.
This feature is available for video-centric network-based MP4 recordings that are recorded in the cloud in Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars and Webex Events (classic).

  If you shared a video file using Share File during the meeting, webinar or event, the MP4 recording will not be saved in video-centric format.
This feature requires Webex video platform version 2.0. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number. This feature isn't available for meetings, webinars and events that are recorded locally on the host's computer.
When you change the default screen layout, the new default setting applies to the recordings you make going forward. It does not change the layout of existing recordings.
By default, Webex sites automatically use Grid view while not sharing content, and Stage while sharing content, unless your site administrator set the defaults to something else. If you set your preferred recording layout to Focused content in the past, this is still your default both when sharing and not sharing content.
Screen layout options when not sharing content
Grid view shows the active speaker and up to 24 other participants when no one is sharing content.
Stage view shows the active speaker in the main part of the screen when no one is sharing content. Video thumbnails of the active speaker and up to 4 other participants show at the top of the screen. If the host or cohost syncs their stage and adds participants to it, only the first participant appears.
Focus view shows video of the active speaker in the main part of the screen when no one is sharing content. If the host or cohost syncs their stage and adds participants to it, only the first participant appears.
Blank view shows a blank screen when no content is shared.
Screen layout options when sharing content
Stage view shows the content in the main part of the screen, and video thumbnails of the active speaker and up to 4 other participants show at the top of the screen.
Focused content with active speaker view shows the content in the main part of the screen and a large thumbnail of the active speaker in the upper right corner. If the host or cohost syncs their stage and adds participants to it, only the first participant appears.
Focused content view shows only the shared content in the main part of the screen. Participant video isn't recorded.
Set your default recording layouts
1
Sign in to your Webex site.
2
Select Preferences from the left navigation bar, and then select the Recording tab.
3
Select your preferred Recording layout options.
4
(Optional) To record the view of your video layout while you sync your stage, check Follow synced layout when host or cohost syncs the stage for everyone.

  If you select Lock attendee view on stage only during your meeting or webinar, the recording only shows what's on your stage and not the entire video layout.
Webex Events (classic) doesn't support recording your synced stage view.
5
Click Save.
Select recording layouts during a meeting
If you want a different recording layout for a specific meeting, you can choose a recording layout for when you share content and for when there's no shared content. The layouts you select affects the recording for that meeting. They don't change the default layouts you chose in the recording preferences on your Webex site.
1
During a meeting, select Record.
2
Open the Recording options menu, then click Change layout.
3
In the No shared content tab, select a recording layout.
4
Click the Shared content tab and choose a recording layout.
5
Check Follow stage layout when synced if you want the recording to show what was on your synced stage.
6
Click Save.