January 20, 2023 |
3730001 view(s) |
71757 people thought this was helpful
Use virtual backgrounds in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
Limit distractions and maintain privacy in your current surroundings by using a virtual background. You can blur your background, change your background, or add your own background.
Blurring your background makes your surroundings appear out of focus so people can't see the details of what's going on behind you. You can also completely replace your surroundings with one of the preset backgrounds, one that your site administrator provides, or add one of your own.

  Having issues or don't see the Change Background option?
Make sure your Webex site administrator enabled virtual backgrounds for your site. If virtual backgrounds aren't enabled, the Change background option doesn't appear. The backgrounds that you can choose depend on what your site administrator allows for your site.
Check the list of requirements to make sure your Webex version and computer or device supports virtual backgrounds.
Virtual backgrounds aren't supported on the Meetings web app or on Linux.
Webex Training doesn't support virtual backgrounds.
Using virtual backgrounds increases the CPU usage of your computer or mobile device and may impact your battery life.
Desktop
iOS
Android
On Mac or Windows, use virtual backgrounds in meetings, webinars, and events using the Meetings desktop app.
1
To set your virtual background before you join a meeting, click Change background on the preview screen and choose the background that you want to use:
To blur your surroundings while remaining in focus, click Blur.
To use a default virtual background, click the one you want.
To use your own image, animated GIF, or video file for the virtual background, click the + icon.

  We recommend that you use an image or video file that's 480 × 360 pixels in size or larger. Images must be in the .jpg, .png, or .gif format. Video files must be in the .mp4 or .mov format.
2
To change your background during a meeting, click the Video options icon , choose Change virtual background and select the type of background you want.
3
When you're ready for everyone in the meeting to see your background, click Apply. Webex remembers your selection for your next meeting.



Requirements



Best practices