August 03, 2023 |
287996 view(s) |
247 people thought this was helpful
Get started with Control Hub
Welcome to Control Hub. As an administrator, use this article to get familiar with Control Hub.
Begin to set up your organization, configure services, and add users to your organization.
When you get started with your organization in Control Hub, we recommend adding users to join Webex Meetings and the Webex App by entering their email addresses. Encourage them to use the services you provide, and submit feedback. At any point, you can always add more users.
We recommend that you use the latest desktop version of Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, or Mozilla Firefox to access Control Hub.* Other browsers may produce unexpected results.

  Control Hub doesn't support Internet Explorer.

  Control Hub isn’t designed for mobile devices.
* Control Hub supports Microsoft Edge Version 79.0.309.71 (Official build) (64-bit) and later.
Get started
Use Control Hub to manage your users, services, and devices. After your organization is created, you receive an email to get started on using the administrative functions on Control Hub.
Whether you're starting a trial or a paid subscription, click Get Started to set up your admin account and access Control Hub. The email address used for activation is also used to sign in, where you'll be prompted to create your administrator password.
First-time wizard for trials
After you sign in, the setup wizard automatically starts if you're in a trial. After accepting the terms and services agreement, you can review your services. You can set up your Webex Services (Meetings, Messaging, and Webex Calling).
Overview
When Control Hub loads, you can review your settings on the Overview page. You can view licenses across all your services. Administer licenses to users, and see notifications to stay updated with new functions to set up in Control Hub.
Manage domains
You can manage your domains in Control Hub to help add security and credibility to your organization. Domains also help with user management.
Add users to your organization
Now that you have set up your services, you're ready to add people from your company directory. Go to Management > Users, and then click Manage Users.
Choose one of the available methods to add users. Depending on the number of users that you want to add, we recommend that you use:
Manually Add or Modify Users if you have a small organization so you can add up to 25 users at a time.
CSV Add or Modify Users if you have a medium-to-large sized organization of more than 25 people.
Directory Synchronization if you have a large organization with existing Active Directory user accounts. You can automatically synchronize your directory on a scheduled basis instead of manually adding or removing accounts in Control Hub. You can also synchronize users using SCIM API. See the user management documentation for supported synchronization workflows.
Assign services to users
After adding users, you can assign various Webex services to them.
While you can edit the services for an individual user, it can be more efficient to edit multiple users services at once using our bulk CSV template.
To edit multiple users services, go to Management > Users, click Manage Users, select Export and import users with a CSV file, and then click Export.
In the file that you download, simply add True for the services you want to assign to each of your users.
Import the completed file, click Add and remove services, and then click Submit.
Set up Single Sign On (SSO) for users
Webex App uses basic authentication. You can choose to set up SSO so that people only authenticate once.
Go to Management > Organization Settings, scroll to Authentication, click Modify, and then select Integrate a 3rd-party identity provider. Continue through to download, edit, and reimport a metadata file that users must get signed by a certificate authority, and then click Save. See the SSO integration guides for more information.
Manage your sites
You can add a site to your organization and manage Webex services from Control Hub.
If you already have sites to change services for, or to view your sites, go to Services > Meeting > Sites to view a list of your Webex sites.
Add workspaces to your organization
You can add workspaces to your organization if you have shared devices that aren’t assigned to specific users. After adding a device, Control Hub will generate an activation code that you must enter into your device to link it to Control Hub.
To configure the Workspaces correctly, set the SIP Address for your organization. You can find this setting in Management > Organization Settings and scrolling to SIP Address for Cisco Webex Calling. See Webex SIP Addresses in Webex Control Hub for more information.
Configure Webex services
If Message, Meeting, or Webex Calling is provisioned for your organization, you can configure the settings for each service. Go to Services and select Settings for the service you want to configure.
You can also configure specific Webex Meetings sites by going to the Meeting section and selecting Sites. Choose the site to configure and then click Configure Site.
Set up hybrid services
You can set up and enable Hybrid Services for your Webex sites. These services provide integration points between the cloud and your existing environment, while enhancing and streamlining your users experiences. Use the Hybrid Services deployment guides to plan for, deploy, and troubleshoot each service for your organization.
Manage devices in the organization
You can add devices to your organization, and assign them to either individual users or shared workspaces. To make it easier to organize and search for devices later, you can group devices with tags. After adding a device, Control Hub generates an activation code that you must enter into your device to link it to Control Hub.
If you have many devices within your organization, you can also search for devices.
Use Analytics and Reports to track site and service usage
You can also use the Analytics and Reports sections on Control Hub to see how your users use your Webex site and services. Go to Monitoring, select Analytics or Reports, and select the service or reports that you want to receive data for.
Within Reports, you can use classic reports to receive data on Webex Meetings, Webex Events, Webex Training, and Webex Support. You can also use metric analytics to see how your users interact with Webex Meetings.
Troubleshooting in Control Hub
If any issues come up with a Webex service, you can go to the Troubleshooting section to quickly see which meetings and users are experiencing problems. The faster you're able to troubleshoot Webex Meetings, the faster you can get back on track.
You can check the statuses of various Webex services by going to Monitoring > Troubleshooting and selecting Status.
Adjust settings
You can upload your organization logo to enhance your users experience with Webex applications. Go to Management > Organization Settings and scroll to the Branding section. Upload your own logo by choosing Use your own logo and clicking the blank field. See Configure Branding for Your Webex Site for more advanced branding configurations.
If you are planning to provide support services for your users, you can go to Management > Organization Settings and scrolling to the Support section. Enter in custom problem reports or help site URLs so your users can submit issues regarding your Webex site.
Learn more
Assign organization account roles in Control Hub
Register devices for people and workspaces:
Add a Device to a User
Add Shared Devices to a Workspaces
Find out what devices and applications are supported: System requirements for Webex Services
Set up call settings:
Calling in Webex App (Unified CM)—This service is a client-based integration between your Unified CM environment and the cloud. See the deployment guide.
Webex Calling—This service provides cloud-based calling. See the configuration guide for more information.
Set up call features:
See Supported calling options for supported calling features for all Webex-based call services.
Read about the best practices to set up an organization in Control Hub.