March 21, 2023 |
9505 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Configure Users to Move Jabber Contacts and Common Settings to Webex App
This feature is built into Cisco Jabber and provides a way to move contacts in the buddy list and other calling-related user preferences from Jabber to Webex App. The data is encrypted. You just need to configure some things before users see this option pop up automatically.
This feature is built into Cisco Jabber and provides a way to move contacts in the buddy list and other calling-related user preferences from Jabber to Webex App. The data is encrypted. You just need to configure some things before users see this option pop up automatically.
These contacts are migrated to Webex App:
Jabber directory contacts whose emails also exist in the cloud Identity Service (the same service that Webex App uses).
Custom contacts and photos
XMPP federated contacts

  If any contacts cannot be migrated, the migration tool allows users to export these contacts as a CSV file that they can review. Users must also restart their Webex App for changes to take effect.
These user preferences are migrated to Webex App:
Chat notification settings (including mute all), unless otherwise noted in the Jabber version information above
Call notification settings (including mute all)
Audio device and video device selection (except for VDI)
Video preferences for incoming calls (start with video or no video)
Before You Begin
Migration for Jabber covers users on Webex Messenger, Unified CM IM and Presence, Jabber Team Messaging Mode, and phone-only mode with contacts.
Make sure your organization uses the following supported releases of Jabber and Webex App.
Users must be authenticated through Active Directory.
All directory users must be synchronized to the identity service, otherwise the Webex App contact cannot be located.

  Custom contacts are moved as-is from Jabber to Webex App.
Table 1. Supported versions of Jabber
Platform Versions Patch What's Migrated
Jabber for Windows
12.7.3 or later
12.8.4 or later
12.9.3 or later
14.0 or later
14.1 or later
No All contacts and settings mentioned in this article are migrated
12.7.0—12.7.2
12.8.0—12.8.3
12.9.0—12.9.2
Yes—download from here All contacts and settings mentioned in this article are migrated
Jabber for Mac
12.8.5 or later
12.9.4 or later
14.0 or later
14.1 or later
No All contacts and settings mentioned in this article are migrated
Webex App September 2020 release or later must be installed No You may need to sign in before the Jabber data can be moved over
1
Open the Cisco Unified CM Administration interface.
2
Select User Management > User Settings > UC Service .
3
Select Add New.
4
Select Jabber Client Configuration (jabber-config.xml) as the UC Service Type.
5
Select Next.
6
Enter a name in the UC Service Information section, refer to the Unified CM Help for more requirements.
7
Enter the parameters in the Jabber Configuration Parameters section.
Jabber to Webex App Migration Parameters
Parameter Value Description
EnableJabber2TeamsMigration
true
false
Tags users as candidates for moving their data from Jabber to Webex App. This process brings over the users' contact (buddy) list and calling preferences to Webex App.
true: Jabber to Webex App migration is available to the user if they have a matching email address for both applications. The data move starts between 5 minutes—3 hours after a user signs into Jabber or when they manually initiate the migration from the help menu.
false: Moving data from Jabber to Webex App does not appear for the user.
WebexTeamsDownloadURL Download URL
Specifies where users can download Webex App if they did not download while doing the upgrade. Add a value for this URL, otherwise users are asked to contact an administrator for help. The following example demonstrates using the official downloads page:
<WebexTeamsDownloadURL>https://www.webex.com/downloads.html </WebexTeamsDownloadURL>
8
Select Save.
What to do next
Users need to restart Jabber to load the patch or MR. Selected users are presented with a screen to ask if they want to move their local data and settings. Users can proceed with the steps or skip it if they're not ready yet.

  The screen shows up between 5 minutes—3 hours after a user signs into Jabber or when they manually initiate the migration from the help menu.

  If that data fails to move because of a network issue, server issue, or other reasons, the data transfer stops but users can retry this step on Webex App. If the step doesn't work even after they retry, users are prompted again after 24 hours if Webex App remains logged in. Users are also prompted immediately if Webex App is relaunched.