January 20, 2023 |
3085 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset 500 Series release notes
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved.
New features
Open and resolved bugs
Download
Headset COP File
January 12, 2023
Headset firmware 3-1-0001-1
Local headset settings in the Webex App
The Cisco Headset 500 Series supports local headset settings on the latest version of the Webex App.
You can now do the following on the Webex App:
Find your headset information.
Customize your headset speaker volume, sidetone, equalizer settings, and microphone gain.
Reset your headset to its factory default settings.
For more information, see Cisco Headset settings in Webex App.
Always on mode
This firmware release introduces Always on mode. By default, the 560 Series headset and base initiates a DECT connection when there is a call or other audio playback from the phone, computer, or call device. When active, Always on mode maintains the DECT audio connection between your Cisco Headset 560 Series and the base.
You can toggle Always on mode on and off through Webex App and on Cisco IP Phones with firmware release 14.2 or later.

  Your headset administrator can disable Always on mode through Control Hub.
Always on mode impacts both DECT density deployment and headset battery life. Make sure to check with your administrator if you're using your headset in a dense DECT environment.
For complete DECT deployment information, see How to Deploy DECT at Work for the Cisco Headset 560 Series.
While Always on mode doesn't impact call quality, streaming audio quality does suffer slightly as the headset and base maintain a connection on a lower DECT frequency.
For more information on how to toggle Always on mode, see Use the Always on feature with your Cisco Headset 560 Series.
Dock event
By default, you can answer calls by simply lifting your 560 headset off the base and ending them when you put it back down. This firmware release enables you to toggle this feature on and off through Webex App or on Cisco IP Phones with firmware 14.2 or later.
Improved volume experience
You can now press and hold the volume key to adjust the headset volume. A tone alerts you when the headset volume has reached its minimum or maximum level.
Spare Cisco Headset 560 Series base station
You can now purchase the 560 Series standard or multibase station as a standalone SKU. Refer to the Cisco Headset 500 Series Data Sheet for more information.

  The spare base station requires 560 Series firmware 2.4(1) or later to work.
October 18, 2022
Headset firmware 3.0(0.1)
COP file update
This firmware release includes updates for the Cisco Headset 320 Series, Cisco Headset 720 Series, and the Cisco Headset 730.
For information on new Cisco Headset 320 Series, 720 Series, and 730 releases see:
Cisco Headset 320 Series release notes
Cisco Headset 720 Series release notes
Cisco Headset 730 release notes
June 28, 2022
Headset firmware 2.3(201.1)
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release fixes pairing and conferencing issues with the 560 Series.
COP file update
This firmware release includes updates for the Cisco Headset 730 and Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter.
For information on new Cisco Headset 730 and USB Adapter releases see:
Cisco Headset 730 release notes
Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter release notes
March 10, 2022
Headset firmware 2.3(101.2)
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release fixes issues with 560 Series audio delays and interoperability with the Webex App.
August 9, 2021
Headset firmware 2.3(1)
Cisco Accessory Hub Support for Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series
Cisco Accessory Hub can recognize and upgrade Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series headsets that have firmware 2.3(1) or later.
Cisco Accessory Hub is a web application that enables you to upgrade your headset firmware without access to a Cisco IP Phone, Cisco Jabber, or the Webex app. You can also see your headset serial number and firmware version through the web application.
To use the Cisco Accessory Hub, simply go to https://upgrade.cisco.com/accessories, connect your headset to the USB port on your computer, and follow the instructions on the screen.

  Cisco Accessory Hub is currently supported only on Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge based on Chromium, version 92 or later.
Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series Upgrades on the Webex VDI app for Linux
You can upgrade your Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series firmware on the latest version of the Webex App for Linux. When you use Webex with the Cisco Headset 500 Series, your headset firmware automatically updates. A pop-up notification tells you when an update is available and prompts you to start the upgrade.

  You need headset firmware 2.3(1) or later to initiate the upgrade in the Webex app for Linux.
Cisco Headset Integration with Cisco Jabber VDI for Linux
The Cisco Headset 500 Series supports call controls on the latest version of Cisco Jabber VDI for Linux.
You can:
Answer, end, and reject calls
Hold and resume calls
Adjust headset volume (local volume control only)
Mute and unmute your headset
Adjust and reset local headset settings
Collect and send headset logs
View and administer headsets through Cisco Unified Communications Manager Administration

  You need headset firmware 2.3(1) or later to upgrade the headset.
Cisco Headset Support Through Webex on macOS for ARM64
Cisco Headsets are fully compatible with the macOS (Apple M1 Chip) version of the Webex app.

  Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series headsets with headset firmware 2.2(1) or older won't be able to upgrade or report inventory to Control Hub with the Webex app for macOS (Apple M1 Chip).
COP File SHA-512 Enhancement
Beginning with Cisco Unified Communications Manager version 14.0, all headset loads must be encrypted with the SHA512 hashing algorithm and end with the file name .cop.sha512.
Downgrade Support on the Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series
Cisco Unified Communication Manager administrators can downgrade the Cisco Headset 520 Series and Cisco Headset 530 Series from newer firmware loads.

  You need Phone Firmware or Cisco Jabber 14.1 or later to downgrade the Cisco Headset 520 or 530 Series.
Multi-app Call Control with the Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series
We simplified multi-app call control in the Cisco Headset 520 and 530 Series so you can manage active calls on more than one calling app at the same time. For example, you can mute an active call on Webex and then answer an incoming call on Cisco Jabber through the Jabber UI. While on the Jabber call, your headset call controls interact with that call. When the Jabber call is complete, you can resume your original Webex call and retain control through your headset.
December 3, 2020
Headset firmware 2.2(1)
Cisco Headset 560 Series call controls in Webex Meeting with multiple open soft-clients
The Cisco Headset 560 Series offers users an improved call control experience in Cisco Webex Meetings when you have other calling apps open. Previously, the Cisco Headset 560 Series would occasionally experience unexpected behaviors when multiple calling apps were open.
Cisco Headset 560 Series DECT audio improvement
The Cisco Headset 560 Series Narrow Band setting uses DECT codec G.727. This codec offers a better audio experience when the radio signal is too low or is experiencing interference.
Cisco Accessory Hub
You can use Cisco Accessory Hub with Google Chrome, version 86 or later.
Cisco Accessory Hub is a web application that enables you to upgrade your Cisco Headset 500 Series firmware without access to a Cisco IP Phone, Cisco Jabber, or the Webex App. You can also view your headset serial number and firmware version.
To use Cisco Accessory Hub, simply go to https://upgrade.cisco.com/accessories, connect your headset to the USB port on your computer, and follow the instructions on the screen.
For more information, see Upgrade your headset on Cisco Accessory Hub.
Headset inventory through Webex Meetings
Headsets connected through a USB cable to the Webex Desk Pro now appear on the Devices page in Control Hub. Webex administrators can track headsets by model, serial number, firmware version, connection status, and connection history.
Headset ringtone setting on Cisco IP Phones
You can change your headset ringtone behavior through the Preferences menu on the Cisco IP Phone 7800 and 8800 Series. The setting saves to the phone and applies to any Cisco headset that connects.
If you use the Cisco Headset 560 Multibase, you need to press on the base for your ringtone changes to take effect.
By default, your phone follows the behavior of the phone ringer settings. Select On if you want to hear the phone ring whenever you have an incoming call. Select Off if you don't want to hear any ring through your headset when there's an incoming call.
This feature requires a Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series or Cisco IP Phone 7800 Series model with phone firmware version 14.0(1) or later.
June 15, 2020
Headset firmware 2.1(1)
Cisco Headset 560 Series conferenceing is enabled by default
The Cisco Headset 560 Series conferencing feature is enabled by default with Headset Firmware Release 2.1(1). You can disable the feature in Cisco Unified CM Administration.
Cisco Headset 560 Series Multibase automatic switching enhancement
Firmware Release 2.1(1) introduces improved auto-switch functionality in the Cisco Headset 560 Series Multibase. The multibase now only automatically switches between sources when there isn't already an active call on the selected source. Previously, the Multibase occasionally switched sources regardless of the current call status.
To switch sources during an active call, place the current call on hold and manually press the source you want to switch to on the multibase.
Cisco Headset 560 Series powers off after 10 minutes
To conserve the battery, the Cisco Headset 560 Series powers off if it doesn't pair with a base within 10 minutes. The headset automatically powers back on and pairs when it is securely placed onto a powered base. You can also press and hold the Call button for 4 seconds to turn on the headset.
Extension Mobility login with Cisco Headsets
Extension Mobility uses can start their sign in when they plug their Cisco Headset 500 Series or Cisco Headset 730 into somone else's phone. To support this, enable Headset-based Extension Mobility in Cisco Unified Communications Manager for your phones.
Not the following items as you use Extension Mobility:
The Cisco Headset 500 Series needs to connect to the phone with the USB or Y-cable. You can also pair and connect to the phone through the Cisco Headset 560 Series Standard Base or Cisco Headset 560 Series Multibase.
The Cisco Headset 730 needs to connect to the phone with the USB cable. Bluetooth and the Cisco Headset 730 USB Adapter aren’t supported.
When the user connects the headset into a phone, the phone checks with Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) to discover if the headset serial number is mapped to a user.
If the mapping exists, the phone displays the Extension Mobility screen and displays the user ID associated with the headset. The user enters their PIN to sign in.
If the mapping doesn't exist, the user sees a headset association page and enters their user ID and PIN. The phone relays the headset serial number to the Unified CM, which maps the headset to the user. Then the Extension Mobility sign-in screen displays. The user changes the user ID to their user ID and enters their PIN.
The next time the user plugs their headset into a phone, the Unified CM finds the user ID, based on the headset serial number.

  With Unified CM Software Release 12.5(1)SU3, you can disable the requirement for the PIN input when the headset is register to a user.
The user automatically signs out of Extension Mobility when they unplug the headset or after a predetermined inactivity time.
The user can also be signed out automatically if the Cisco Headset 560 Series is taken too far from the base. In this case, if the headset reconnects with the base before the inactivity timer expires, the user doesn't need to sign in again.
Users can associate their headset with their user ID from the Accessories menu on the phone.
Administrators can associate the headset with a user in Unified CM from the User Management page.

  If the headset is upgrading or the user is on a call, the association can't be made. The user must wait until the upgrade is finished or the call is finished before they perform this procedure.
This feature requires:
Unified CM:
Software Release 11.5(1)SU8 or later
Software Release 12.5(1)SU3 or later
The feature requires configuration of new fields in the Service Parameter Configuration administration page. The feature also needs the Cisco Headset Service to be active on the Unified CM.
For more information on Extension Mobility, refer to the Cisco Unified Communications Manager Configuration Guides.
Headset inventory on Control Hub
Headsets connected to the Webex App now appear on the Devices page in Control Hub. Webex administrators can track headsets by model, serial number, firmware version, connection status, and connection history.
Headset upgrades on the Webex App
You can upgrade your Cisco Headset 500 Series firmware on the latest desktop version of the Webex App. When you use Webex with the Cisco Headset 500 Series, your headset firmware automatically updates. A pop-up notification tells you when an update is available and prompts you to start the upgrade.
Headset upgrade source on IP Phone web page
The Device Information section of the Cisco IP Phone web page now includes the headset firmware upgrade restriction setting.
This feature has no user impact.
Support of Webex for VDI Linux
The Cisco Headset 500 Series supports call controls on the latest version of Cisco Webex Teams for VDI Linux machines.
You can:
Answer, end, and reject calls
Hold and resume calls
Adjust headset volume
Mute and unmute your headset
Cisco Headset and Finesse Integration
Cisco Headset and Finesse Integration improves productivity of contact center agents by giving them the ability to change the agent Ready/Not Ready status right from their Cisco headset. When this feature is turned on, the headset Mute button acts as a Ready/Not Ready button when the call agent is idle. This lets the agent control whether they are ready to take another call without having to go into the Finesse desktop. All agent status is synced between the headset and Cisco Finesse so that the current status is known by both. During calls, the headset Mute button retains existing functionality as a Mute/Unmute button.
This feature is available as a preview feature with Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 11.5(1)SU8 and is targeted to Contact Center deployments. You can deploy the feature for internal testing and development, but it's not recommended that you deploy the feature in a production environment. All support requests to Cisco TAC are treated as severity-level 4. Full support is expected to be added in a future release.
To use the feature, you must turn the feature on via an enterprise parameter. The configuration menus become active only after the enterprise parameter is enabled.
More information on this feature will become available when Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 11.5(1)SU8 is released.
December 19, 2019
Headset firmware 2.0(1)
Cisco Headset 560 Series multibase enhancement
Users can answer incoming calls from any connected source with the headset Call button.
Cisco Headset 560 Series DECT enhancement
The default Cisco Headset 560 Series DECT frequency is now Medium Range. Administrators can modify this setting in Cisco Unified Communications Manager Administration.
This feature requires Cisco Unified Communications Manger 11.5(1)SU7 or later or 12.5(1)SU1 or later. Older versions of Cisco Unified Communications Manager can change the setting through direct edits to the defaultheadsetconfig.json file.
Cisco Headset administrator controls
Cisco Unified Communication Manager administrators can restrict headsets to only accept firmware upgrades from Cisco Unified Communication Manager devices with the Firmware Source parameter.
This feature requires Cisco Unified Communications Manger 11.5(1)SU7 or later or 12.5(1)SU1 or later. Older versions of Cisco Unified Communications Manager can change the setting through direct edits to the defaultheadsetconfig.json file.
Cisco Webex DX Series call logs
Cisco Webex DX70 and DX80 now include headset information in the call logs.
Electronic hookswitch control enhancement
Electronic hookswitch control on Cisco IP Phones for connection with the Cisco Headset 560 Series is now enabled by default and can be disabled by end users.
This feature requires phone firmware 12.7(1) or later.
Support for Jabber for Windows 10 64-bit devices
The Cisco Headset 500 Series supports Cisco Jabber on Windows 10 64-bit devices.
Support for Cisco UC-One
The Cisco Headset 520 Series and Cisco Headset 530 Series support calls on Cisco UC One.
June 20, 2019
Headset firmware 1.5(1)
Cisco Headset 560 Series enhancements
With Firmware release 1.5(1), users can do more with their Cisco Headset 560 Series. They can:
Pair up to three additional headsets on a standard base or multibase to quickly connect to the same call.
Hear improved music playback quality on Mac computers.
Save up to four Bluetooth devices on the multibase.
You can view headset information in the Problem Report Tool (PRT) logs.
The multibase is supported on the Cisco Jabber mobile app.
General Cisco Headset 500 Series enhancements
Cisco Headset 500 Series users connected to a Cisco IP Phone can now hear the ringtone of incoming calls on their headsets. Cisco Headset 560 Series Multibase users can hear the ringtone on both the selected and unselected sources.
The Cisco Headset 500 Series have improved call quality on Cisco Webex DX devices.
The Cisco Headset 500 Series has full call control on the Webex App.
Headset serviceability features
You can manage and control your Cisco headsets from the Device > Headsets page on Cisco Unified Communications Manager Administration.
You can:
Apply customized settings and control default templates
Track deployed headsets and generate inventory reports
Upgrade and manage headset firmware
Troubleshoot headsets and gather metrics
The headset serviceability features require Cisco Unified Communications Manager 12.5(1)SU1 or later.
Generate a Problem Report Tool log from Cisco Unified Communications Manager
You can generate a Problem Report Tool (PRT) log from Cisco Unified Communications Manager Administration. This allows you to collect the phone logs without generating a report from the phone. With this release, headset information is also displayed in the log, which you can use for troubleshooting.
You generate the PRT log in Cisco Unified Communications Manager Administration with the Device > Phone page.
You need to add a server addres to the Customer Support Upload URL field on Cisco Unified Communications Manager before you generate the PRT log.
This feature requires Cisco Unified Communications Manager 12.5(1)SU1 or later.
Jabber headset enhancements
Jabber users can adjust their headset equalizer and sidetone settings. This feature requires Cisco Jabber version 12.6 or later.
Jabber administrators can view headset inventory and remotely configure headsets. This feature requires Cisco Jabber version 12.6MR or later and Cisco Unified Communications Manager 12.5(1)SU1 or later.
January 28, 2019
Headset firmware 1.0(2)
Multibase support
This release provides support for the Cisco Headset 560 Series Multibase. The multibase allows you to connect to multiple sources and provides a superior wireless office experience. Users can connect to up to three call sources at one time and switch between the sources using the Multibase buttons. The Multibase also offers call connectivity with Bluetooth devices.
The Multibase is compatible with the same devices as the Standard Base.
Enhanced Standard Base functionality
You can answer and end calls when you lift and set down your Cisco Headset 560 Series on the Standard Base.

  This funcitonality is native to the Multibase.
User interface support for Webex Meetings and Cisco Webex DX Series
Cisco Headset 500 Series has fully integrated support with the USB connector for:
Cisco Webex Meetings on both Windows and Mac operating systems.
Cisco Webex DX Series running Firmware Release 9.3 or later.
New upgrade options for Cisco Headsets on Cisco Jabber
You can upgrade your headset through the Cisco Jabber desktop application (software version 12.5 or later).
Remote configuration of headset parameters for On-Premises Phones
You can remotely configure your Cisco Headset 500 Series parameters for use with your on-premises phones. It's a convenient way to set up or modify your organization's default headset settings on Cisco IP Phones.
To configure the settings, download the defaultheadsetconfig.json file from the Cisco Software Download website and follow the instructions found in the readme file.
Remote configuration requires:
Cisco IP Phone 7800 Series and Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Firmware Release 12.5(1) or later.
Cisco Unified Communications Manager Release 10.5(2), 11.0(1), 11.5(1), 12.0(1), and 12.5(1) and later.
You can configure these settings:
Speaker Volume
Microphone Gain
Sidetone
Equalizer
Audio bandwidth
Bluetooth
DECT Radio range
Upgrade your phones to the latest firmware release before you apply the defaultheadsetconfig.json file.
None enhancements
Headsets have additional tone alerts to notify users when they press and hold the call button to end a call.

  Different sources may have different tone settings. There may be a variance in the quality and volume of the tone depending on the selected source. This is noticeable when a Bluetooth device connects or disconnects from the Multibase.