February 21, 2023 |
104299 view(s) |
243 people thought this was helpful
Change your Webex site URL
Your Webex site URL is created from the email address you used when you signed up for an account. You can change it to something more appropriate to you or your company.
Overview
During the site renaming process, your Webex site name is changed, and meeting addresses and Webex site user attributes are updated with the new Webex site name.

  We recommend that you change your Webex site URL after your business hours or during a maintenance window, as it may take up to 24 hours to see the change. During this time, you may not be able to host meetings using your account, and users may not be able to join meetings you have scheduled.
Redirect your old Webex site to your new site
When you rename your Webex site, you can choose to redirect the old Webex site address to the new one for 90 days. When you try to access the Webex site from the old URL, you're automatically forwarded to the new one. Meeting attendees are also forwarded to the new meeting URL. If you choose not to redirect the Webex site, then the old Webex site address stops working after the site renaming process is finished.
General Limitations
The site renaming process can't be stopped after it's started.
Site renaming may take up to 24 hours. The number of users on the Webex site affects how long the site renaming process takes. The more users that you have on a Webex site, the longer the site renaming process takes.
If you choose not to redirect an old Webex site to the renamed one, the old site name becomes available for other organizations to use immediately after the site renaming process is finished.
Webex Hybrid Calendar Service
The Hybrid Calendar Service doesn’t update meeting join details for previously scheduled meetings. If there’s no redirect, or the redirect has expired, users won’t be able to start or join previously scheduled meetings.
To ensure proper scheduling of new meetings, Webex App users should update their Personal Room setting in the app. The Hybrid Calendar Service administrator should update the default Webex site configuration, depending on the type of deployment:
Calendar Connector for Microsoft Exchange or Office 365—From the Expressway-C connector host, go to Applications > Hybrid Services > Calendar Service > Cisco Conferencing Services Configuration and locate the default Webex site.
Cloud-based service for Office 365—In Control Hub, go to Services. On the hybrid calendar card with the Office 365 logo, click Edit settings.
Cloud-based service for Google Calendar—In Control Hub, go to Services. On the hybrid calendar card with the Google Calendar logo, click Edit settings.
Webex Meetings
If you haven't redirected an old Webex site to the renamed one, you can't start or join meetings that were created before the site was renamed.
Control Hub
During the site renaming process, you can sign in to Control Hub, but you can't change the Webex site settings.
To avoid a disruption of your Webex services, don't add or modify users, or assign licenses to the Webex site during the renaming process.
If there are users in your organization who haven't activated their accounts, you'll need to reassign their licenses after the Webex site is renamed so that their user attributes are updated.
The Webex site address isn't updated in user activation emails that are sent before you rename the Webex site.
Video Devices and Webex Board
After the 90-day redirection period, the Join button won't work for video devices or Webex Boards that are included in meetings created before you renamed the Webex site. The meeting organizer must cancel the existing meeting and schedule a new one with the new Webex site name.
If you choose not to redirect for 90 days, then the Join button on video devices and Webex boards will work immediately.
Rename your site

  If you receive an error when you rename a Webex site, contact us.
Once you rename your site, it can't be undone.
1
Sign in to Control Hub.
2
In the left navigation pane under Services, click Meeting.
3
Select your site from the list and click Edit in the pop-up window, then click Next.
4
Enter the new name for your Webex site, then click Next.
5
Select Redirect old site to new site for 90 days if you want to redirect your old Webex site to your renamed site, then click Next.
Your new and old site URLs are shown.
6
Click Rename Site.