January 20, 2023 |
24705 view(s) |
34 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Meetings experience
Webex App now provides an integrated meetings experience when you join a Webex standard meeting, a Personal Room meeting, and a Webex App meeting that is associated with a space.
Webex meetings and Personal Room meetings in Webex App
Webex App supports the following features when you join Webex standard and Personal Room meetings in Webex App:
If you’re the host of a Webex standard or Personal Room meeting, you can start and host the meeting directly from Webex App. As host, you’ll have the ability to record the meeting, lock your meeting, mute and unmute people, let someone in to your meeting, remove someone from the meeting, end the meeting. You can also transfer the host role to someone else so you can leave, and that person can end the meeting later.
When you join or start a meeting from Webex App, you can use phone audio options, including Call In and Call Me options, depending on your Webex Meetings account settings.
The Participants list shows the same participant information you’d see if you joined the meeting from Meetings.
Meeting capabilities for meetings associated with a space
We’ve enhanced the meeting experience in a space. Some of you may still have the classic experience.
Enhanced meetings associated with a space
The number of people who can join the meeting and audio options depend on the meeting host's license. External participants can't schedule a meeting or start an instant meeting in the space. Only the host can record a meeting.
Classic meetings associated with a space
When someone who has a Meetings account creates a space, the space creator becomes the meeting sponsor. When any member of the space schedules or starts meetings from the space, the meetings have paid Webex meeting capabilities, such as phone audio options, including Call In and Call Me options, depending on the meeting sponsor’s host account, recording, and guest meeting access. Anyone in the space can record the meeting, mute and unmute others, let people in or remove people, without relying on a single host. Because these meetings are associated with a Webex App space, they’re ideal for projects that require continuous team engagement, context, and persistent history.
Meetings in the space can support up to 200 participants (previously we supported up to 100 participants).
Meetings associated with a space also have meeting controls that allow you to switch easily between the speaker view and shared content, view the Participants list, and make other changes to the layout. You can also see who is speaking or sharing content and also who’s muted or not connected to audio.
Learn more
See these articles for more information about the meeting experience in Webex App:
Record a meeting
Join a meeting in using your phone
Let someone in to your meeting
Remove someone from a meeting
Lock or unlock your meeting
Join a meeting as a guest
Make someone else the meeting host
Switch between the shared content and the speaker during a call or meeting
The number of people who can join a meeting
Get details about meeting participants
Meeting capabilities and meeting sponsors
If you’re an administrator, you can make sure that your Webex organizations, Webex sites, and user accounts meet some requirements to get the most out of their meeting experience in Webex App. For more information, see Prerequisites for the meeting experience in Webex App.