March 13, 2023 |
2498 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter Release Notes
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved with the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter.
New Features
Known and Resolved Issues
March 13, 2023
Version 1-3-52
Cisco Headset 720 Series Microsoft Teams certification
This firmware release enables compatibility with the Microsoft Teams certified version of the Cisco Headset 720 Series.
See the Cisco Headset 720 Series release notes for more information.
December 1, 2022
Version 1-3-50
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release improves the volume control experience on Cisco IP Phones and MacOS devices.
June 13, 2022
Version 1-3-28
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release improves CPU performance on calls with Microsoft Teams. We've also resolved a minor issue with headset volume control on Windows devices.
March 22, 2022
Version 1-3-20
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release contains minor integration improvements with the Webex App.
July 26, 2021
Version 1-3-12
Microsoft Teams Support
The Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter supports call controls on the most recent version of Microsoft Teams.
You can:
Answer and end calls
Hold and resume calls
Mute and unmute your headset
Adjust your headset volume
Multi-app Control
This firmware version offers users an improved call control experience when you use multiple Cisco desktop calling applications at the same time. For example, you can mute an active call in the Webex app and then answer an incoming Cisco Jabber call through the Jabber UI. While you are on the Jabber call, call controls through the headset only impact Jabber. When the Jabber call is complete, you can resume your Webex call and maintain call control through your headset.

  Active calls don't automatically hold when you answer an incoming call on a different application. Be sure to hold or mute a call on one application before you answer an incoming call on a different calling app.
This release only enables multi-app control between Webex (version 41.7 or later) and Cisco Jabber (version 12.9 or later). Partial multi-app functionality is available with Microsoft Teams.
Minor Bug Fixes
This release fixes issues with ringback on Cisco Jabber, interoperability on Microsoft Teams, and music playback on macOS devices.
February 26, 2021
Version 1-2-33
Headset Inventory Through the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter
The Cisco Headset 730 now appears in the Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Webex Control Hub headset inventory when it connects through the USB HD Adapter. Previously, only the USB HD Adapter appeared in headset inventory.
For more information on headset administration features in Control Hub, see Headset Administration in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
For information on headset inventory in Cisco Unified CM, see the Cisco Headset 700 Series Administration Guide.
November 10, 2020
Version 1-1-66
Minor Bug Fix
This release fixes an issue with headset microphone playback through the USB Adapter. Previously, the headset microphone wouldn't connect when you tried to use the USB Adapter before a headset had paired.
October 21, 2020
Version 1-1-59
Improved Mute Button Behavior
Your call client or device displays the correct status of your Mute button when you're connected through the USB Adapter. Previously, clients and call device mute status did not synchronize through the USB HD Adapter.
Improved USB HD Adapter Logs
Logs sent through Cisco IP Phones, Cisco Jabber, and Cisco Webex include information about the Cisco Headset 730 USB Adapter. Headset logs send information such as Bluetooth connection strength, call quality, and headset settings that help our engineers find and troubleshoot potential bugs.
Bluetooth Security Enhancement
The Bluetooth connection between the USB Adapter and the Cisco Headset 730 has enhanced encryption to combat KNOB attacks.
Minor Bug Fixes
Bug fixes in this release include improved music playback behavior and improved music controls through the USB Adapter.
May 7, 2020
Version 1-1-33
Improved Switching Between Bluetooth Sources
You can now seamlessly switch between two music sources while connected through the USB HD Adapter. Previously, users couldn't switch to an alternate Bluetooth source while connected to the USB HD Adapter.
Improved Music Playback on Mac Mojave
Users running Mac OS Mojave now have improved audio quality.
USB Adapter LED Enhancement
The LED indicator doesn't light up when the adapter isn't paired to a headset or in pairing mode. Previously, the LED would flash in both pairing mode and when it didn’t have a paired headset saved.
For more information, see Pair the USB Adapter to Your Headset.
Improved Call Button Behavior
You can cleanly reject incoming calls when connected to the USB Adapter. Previously, the headset would occasionally answer incoming calls before rejecting them.
Press the Call button twice on the left ear cup to reject a call.
February 4, 2020
Version 1-0-48
Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter
Your Cisco Headset 730 comes with a USB HD Adapter for use with call devices that don't have a Bluetooth option. The USB HD Adapter comes out of the box paired to your headset. The adapter automatically connects to your headset when it plugs into a powered USB port.
When you connect the USB Adapter, the LED blinks and then turns solid when it connects to your headset. If your headset is unavailable to connect, the LED shuts off.
When you want to disconnect your headset, simply unplug the adapter from the call device. It takes about 10 minutes for your headset to accept another active Bluetooth connection after you disconnect the USB HD Adapter. You can also turn off your headset then on again to pair a new device quickly.