June 28, 2023 |
2056 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Migrate your organization’s Webex data to the European Union data center in Control Hub
If your organization is based in the EU but your Webex common application data resides in a US data center, you may be eligible to migrate your data to an EU data center through the migration feature in Control Hub. Once this feature’s enabled, you can start an automated process to migrate common application data, such as user profiles and analytics data, to the EU.

  By August 2023, upon request, this feature will be available to all customers who want to migrate their Webex common application data from the US to the EU data center.
Prerequisites
In order for your organization to be eligible to migrate to the EU data center, your organization must not have any of the following services:
Webex for Broadworks
Spark Call (before the upgrade to Webex Calling)
Webex Instant Connect for Virtual Care and Webex Instant Connect for Epic
Webex Contact Center
What data gets migrated
All data associated with Webex identity, such as name, email address, and user groups, are migrated to the EU data center when you start the migration. Analytics data for Webex Calling, Messaging, and Devices will also be migrated.

  CCUC analytics data won't be migrated at this time.
Impacts to your Webex services
During the migration
Once the migration begins:
Data migration may take less than one hour to complete for Webex organizations with less than 10,000 users, and may take up to eight hours for organizations with around 100,000 users. Please schedule your data migration on a date when you can accommodate for the required downtime.
You won't have access to Control Hub, and users won't be able to access any messaging, calling, Webex contact center, and meeting services for Control Hub-managed sites.
If your organization has set up single sign-on (SSO), it'll be automatically disabled.
On-premises devices registered with Webex Edge for Devices and cloud-registered devices won't be able to join meetings or make calls.
Workspace or device bulk delete or change actions started right before the migration may be interrupted by the migration and may not complete successfully.
We'll send out email reminders to administrators of the organization, and then status updates every two hours while the update's in progress.
What happens after the migration and required actions from you
If your organization has set up SSO, then after the migration users can't sign in until SSO is reconfigured as follows:
Download SP metadata.
Import this metadata to the IdP.
Activate SSO by going to Organization settings > Authentication and toggling Single sign-on to on.
Device activation codes that were generated but not used before the migration will have to be generated again.
If your organization has created bots, the access token for each bot will be revoked as part of the migration. If you try to access the bots, you'll get an HTTP 401 error since the access token will be invalid or expired. You must regenerate the access token for all of your bots, and update your bot configurations to use the new access token. This can be done by accessing https://developer.webex.com/my-apps, selecting each bot you've created, and then clicking on Regenerate Access Token.
If your organization uses Okta integration to synchronize Okta users into Control Hub, you need to regenerate the bearer access token as specified in steps 3 and 4 under Configure Okta for user synchronization in this article.
If your users configured local settings in their desktop and mobile clients of the Webex App, then they need to reconfigure some of these settings. The following settings will be reset after the migration:
Calling
Audio and video preferences
Accessibility
Messaging preferences
Devices
Other local settings such as general settings, notification preferences, appearance (e.g. dark mode), and privacy settings will be preserved (no change) after the migration.
Analytics data won't appear immediately after the migration. Analytics data migration will continue in the background and lasts up to two to three days. There are no actions required from you to bring back analytics data. It will reappear automatically. The impact is that you won't see analytics data in Control Hub until two or three days after the completion of migration.
The migration will reset the local databases of users if they're using UCM Calling. As a result, call histories will be reset and the history of previous calls will no longer be available.
Schedule your migration date
Reschedule your migration date
Cancel your scheduled migration date