May 15, 2023 |
29112 view(s) |
60 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Share content wirelessly to Cisco devices
When you connect to Board, Desk, and Room Series devices, you can share content wirelessly with the Webex App.
Your administrator can configure devices on your network in various ways. You can have on-premises devices or cloud devices. These devices can appear the same but you can use the devices in different ways.
For on-premises devices, after you have enabled ultrasound, you can automatically connect to the device as soon as you enter the same room. You can use these devices to share content wirelessly with people in the same room.

Note that Cloud Pairing is required when sharing content with the Webex app on mobile. Enable Cloud Pairing for on-premises Webex Edge devices in order to share.
For cloud devices, you can also automatically connect using ultrasound and share content wirelessly. In addition, you can search for a particular device, use the device to join a meeting or make a call, and you can optimize audio or video of the shared content.
Windows
Mac
iPhone and iPad
Android
Web
1
Click on the device name on the Webex App and click Share on device.
2
When you're connected to a cloud device, you can also improve the frame rate and audio for shared content:
Share computer audio—The audio is played and everyone can hear the audio.
Optimize for video—The content is displayed at up to 30 frames per second (fps) with a resolution of 720p. For example, if you're sharing a video or slide deck, the frame rate is increased and this reduces any lag.
3
Select the screen or app to share.
4
Check out a preview of what you're sharing at the top of the screen. Make sure you’re sharing only what you want and that everyone in the meeting can see it.

  To show the preview after it disappears, go to the tab in the control bar at the top of the screen and click the down arrow.
5
While you're sharing, you can select the following:
Share screen to switch to another screen or application without needing to stop sharing first.
Annotate to mark-up a shared screen during a call or a meeting.
Pause to pause sharing your screen or application.
Resume to resume sharing your screen or application.
6
When you're done, click on Stop Sharing.