September 28, 2021 |
1880 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector in Blackboard
In this article
Install and set up the Webex Education Connector in Blackboard Learn or Blackboard Learn with Ultra Experience so that teachers and students start and attend classes, participate in class discussions, share files, and schedule office hours.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
Use the following steps to install the Webex Education Connector in Blackboard Learn release 3400.5.0-rel.12+393c117. You need to be a Blackboard Administrator and a Webex site administrator to complete the installation. If you have Blackboard Learn with Ultra Experience, make sure any courses are in Ultra Course View.
Before you begin
Before you can install the Webex Education Connector, you first must Configure Your Webex Site for the Webex Education Connector.
1
From your web browser, go to https://lti.educonnector.io/.
2
Enter the following information:
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name.
Your site name is the text in your Webex site address before .webex.com. If your site address is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool.
LMS—Select Blackboard from the drop-down list and click the Blackboard Learn or Blackboard Ultra option.
Blackboard Site Domain—Enter the address of your Blackboard Learn site. For example, if your site’s address is https://myschool.bblearn.com, enter myschool.bblearn.com.
Blackboard Site Timezone—Select the time zone of your Blackbard Learn site.
3
Select Next and take note of the values for Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, Your Application ID, and LTI Launch URL so you can use them later.
Configure Your Blackboard Site
1
Sign in to Blackboard with your administrator account and click Admin.
2
Go to the Integrations section, select REST API Integrations and click Create Integration.
3
Enter the following information:
Application ID—Enter Your Application ID from Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Learn User—Enter the administrator user name.
End User Access—Select Yes.
Authorized to Act as User—Choose Service Default (No).
4
Click Submit.
5
Select LTI Tool Provider > Register LTI 1.1 Provider and enter the following information:
Provider Domain—Enter lti.educonnector.io.
Provider Domain Status—Select Approved.
Default Configuration—Select Globally.
Tool Provider Key—Enter Your Consumer Key from Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Tool Provider Secret—Enter Your Shared Secret from Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Send User Data—Select Send user data over SSL.
User Fields to Send—Check the following options:
Role in Course
Name
Email Address
Allow Membership Service Access—Select Yes.
6
Go to LTI Tool Provider. select Choose Manage Placements from the drop-down menu, and then click Create Placement.
7
Enter the following information:
Label—Select Webex.
Handle—Enter Webex.
Availability—Select Yes.
Type—Select Course Tool and check Allow Student Access.
Tool Provider URL—Enter https://lti.educonnector.io/launches.
8
Click Submit.
Authorize the Webex Education Connector in Blackboard Learn
1
Navigate to a course and select Tools > Webex to open the Webex Education Connector.
2
From the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section, click Authorize and follow the on-screen instructions.
Authorize the Webex Education Connector in Blackboard Learn with Ultra Experience
1
In Blackboard, navigate to a course and select Books & Tools > Webex.
2
Select Webex from the list to open the Webex Education Connector.
3
From the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section, click Authorize, and follow the on-screen instructions.