April 21, 2022 |
1310 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Launch Commands from Control Hub
You can execute xAPI commands for a single device directly from Control Hub.
Commands instruct a device to execute actions, such as to go into standby mode or to set a new user passphrase.
The list of applicable commands varies according to the device type and the version of software installed. You can see all the public, cloud-enabled commands that are available on the device via Control Hub.
Control Hub provides you with a user interface for running these commands, providing that there are no restrictions due to access privileges, security, or privacy.
1
From the customer view on https://admin.webex.com, go to Devices and select a device.
2
From the Actions dropdown, select Run xCommand to open the command page for the device.
On this page, you can browse or search for the commands you're interested in. Your previously run commands will appear here.


3
Select the command to execute.
A command page will open, and you will have the option to enter values for all the arguments. The required options are displayed with an asterisk.

  A command may be marked unavailable if there are restrictions due to access privileges, security, or privacy. On personal mode devices, several commands are unavailable in order to protect user privacy (e.g., Audio Microphones Unmute).

  If you don't find a command you are looking for, it may be because the device doesn't have access to that command due to its software version or product type. To find out what commands are available for a specific device type, see roomos.cisco.com. Select the installed software version, the product type, Command, and a backend of Cloud.


Argument types include:
Integers – Type or use the arrows to enter the value. The accepted range will be indicated.
Strings – Type in the string.
Enumerations – Select from the drop-down list.
Arrays of strings or integers – Type in the values, separated by commas. When press comma or Enter, the value will be added into the field.
Arrays of enumerations – Select the desired checkboxes.
Multiline – Input the multiline body in the Body text field.
4
When all required arguments are defined, the Execute button will be enabled. Click to execute the command.
When the command is finished running, an indication of the execution status will be displayed. This will contain the JSON response from the command, where applicable.