March 21, 2022 |
3274 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Set up your Webex Calling plan in Account Management
If you purchased a call plan with multiple licenses from webex.com, get started by assigning your main number to invite additional users and submit transfer requests. Then move on to the fun stuff, like setting up your phone menu for your business number.
Check out the feature comparison table for a list of features available in your plan. Advanced calling features, like call recording for example, are only available for enterprise accounts.

Call plans aren't available for purchase in Indonesia, Macau, Philippines, and Saudi Arabia.
Add-ons aren't available in India.
Details about your call plan
Here's some important details to guide you through setup.
Call plan owner
The person who purchased a call plan from webex.com becomes the administrator for the account.
Check your email for the 6-digit validation code to fill in the pop-up window after you complete your purchase. You become the account manager after your email address is validated.

Don't see the activation email? Check your junk folder in case you missed it, or contact support if you still can't find it.
Phone numbers
As you go through setup, choose the main number, other phone numbers, and extensions. If you purchased more than one call license, you get a free main number to use.
The main number is what people dial to call your organization and the first thing you must set up. Then, invite more users and assign them a phone number too. They either get calls at their own number, or through your main number and an extension.

Toll-free numbers aren't supported for call plans.
Phone menus
Phone menus, sometimes referred to as auto-attendants, give your callers options to choose from when they dial your main number. Customize the options and give instructions like, "Press 1 for sales" or "Enter the person's extension that you're trying to reach."
Number transfers
Sometimes called number porting, transferring numbers lets you take your existing phone numbers with you when you switch providers. If you chose to transfer phone numbers during the ordering process, use them with your call plan after they port.
The porting process takes 7–10 business days after you complete the steps to request.
Webex App download
To set up your call plan, go to: web.webex.com to access Account Management.
After you finish setup, your users get an email with a link to download Webex App, available for desktop and mobile devices. Make and answer calls, send messages, and meet with other people in your organization.
To learn more about Webex Calling features and how to use them, check here for all the information you need.
Having trouble signing in?
Here's your one-stop shop for finding the help that you need.
Assign your main number and invite users



Set up your main number

Transfer numbers to your Call Plan