August 02, 2023 |
1852682 view(s) |
31209 people thought this was helpful
Download the Webex Meetings desktop app
Install the Meetings desktop app to easily start and join your meetings from the app.
Download and install the Meetings desktop app
The Meetings desktop app automatically downloads after starting or joining a Webex meeting from User Hub or email invitation. Click the installation file to install it. Refer to the New Webex sign-in users and the New Webex guest users sections in the Webex Meetings desktop app installation matrix.
If you want to install the app without joining a meeting first, you can also download it manually here, then follow steps 3—5 below to install the file.
Customers who are locked down to a specific meeting application version should get the download file directly from User Hub using the following steps:

  If you have a previous version of the Meetings desktop app, you have to uninstall that version before installing the new version.
1
Sign in User Hub.
2
Select Downloads, then scroll to Webex Meetings and click the download button for your operating system.
3
Run the .msi (Windows) or .dmg (Mac) installation file and follow the instructions. The Meetings desktop app opens when the installation is complete.
4
Enter your email address and select Sign In.
5
Select or enter your Webex site URL, and then enter your password.
Update the Meetings desktop app
The Meetings desktop app's automatic update option is enabled by default for your Webex site. When the Meetings desktop app is running, it checks every 6-8 hours to see if there is a new version available. When a newer version becomes available, the app automatically downloads it and you see a blue Update option in the top right corner of the app.
You can also manually check for updates.
If you have a company administrator, they may decide to mass deploy the Meetings desktop app updates to end users. They can refer to the mass deployment guide.

  Site administrators can access both the Mac and Windows Meetings desktop app downloads from the Downloads page.