March 24, 2023 |
2519 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
What's New in Cisco Webex Cloud-Connected UC
We've added a lot of exciting new features in Webex Cloud-Connected UC. Take a moment to familiarize yourself with what's new in migration, operational dashboards, analytics, and much more.
What's new
We want to make sure that you know about the major updates made available in Webex Cloud-Connected UC.
March 2023
Do Not Disturb Synchronization in UCM Calling
When you need time to focus and do not want any incoming call notifications to disturb you, now you do not have to enable Do Not Disturb (DND) on each of your registered clients separately. When you enable it on the Webex app, the state is automatically synchronized to your desk phone. Similarly, when you enable it on your desk phone, the state is automatically synchronized to your Webex apps.
For more information, see Do Not Disturb Synchronization in UCM Calling.
January 2023
Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service support for Unified CM:
This feature allows you to synchronize and manage users from cloud into on-premises or cloud UC infrastructure like Cisco Unified CM with the Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service. During synchronization, the system imports a list of users and associated user data from the Azure Active Directory (or a similar Cloud Directory service) that is synchronized into the Webex Common Identity Service.
For more information, see Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service support for Unified CM.
Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service support for Unity Connection:
This feature allows you to synchronize and manage users from cloud into on-premises or cloud UC infrastructure like Cisco Unity Connection with the Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service. During synchronization, the system imports a list of users and associated user data from the Azure Active Directory (or a similar Cloud Directory service) that is synchronized into the Webex Common Identity Service.
For more information, see Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service support for Unity Connection.
2022
2021

2020