January 20, 2023 |
62749 view(s) |
82 people thought this was helpful
Delete a customer organization in Control Hub
You can use Control Hub to permanently delete your organization, whether you're in the middle of a trial or your trial has expired. Be aware, though, that you'll lose data.
Before you delete your organization

  Partners can’t delete organizations for their customers. Only customer administrators can delete their own organizations.
If you have a free Webex Online account, follow these steps to delete your account.
As a full administrator, if you've signed up for a Webex services trial from http://www.webex.com, or if a partner created a trial for you, then you can delete your organization from the Cisco identity service.

  Deleting your organization will result in data loss and is irreversible.
Deleting your organization permanently deletes all of the information associated with your organization, including data for all users. You'll lose data like Webex App messages and files, and all Webex Meetings data including Webex Meetings URLs and meeting recordings.
Your organization must meet this following criteria in order to be deleted:
It has no active partner-led, online, or free trials, and no other types of subscriptions.
If a trial is still active, then you must cancel that trial first.
Deleting an organization may fail with a HTTP 409 Conflict response and you may encounter one or more of these errors. Resolve these conditions to allow the delete to succeed.
Org cannot be deleted as it has Linked sites.
Org cannot be deleted as it has active subscriptions or licenses.
Org cannot be deleted as Directory Synchronization is enabled.
Org cannot be deleted as it has more than one user.
Org cannot be deleted as it has more than one managed by relationship.
Org cannot be deleted as it has managed orgs.
Automatic deletion of organizations with no activity
Organizations that haven't had any activity for 60 days will be automatically deleted. For more information, see this article.
Delete your organization

  If you're a full administrator of an organization with only free subscriptions, you'll get a pop-up when you sign in that gives you a choice to either Delete Organization or Remind Me Later.
You'll get an error if you're trying to add users who used their e-mail address to create a trial account. The users have to delete their organization first before you're able to add them to your organization.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Account and then click the Info tab.
2
In the Delete Organization from Cisco's identity system section, click Delete Organization.
3
In the Delete Organization window, acknowledge that you're aware that your users will be deleted, and that this choice is irreversible.
4
Click Delete Organization.