August 03, 2023 |
19489 view(s) |
54 people thought this was helpful
Known issues and limitations for Webex Webinars
Learn about the known issues and limitations for Webex Webinars.
Interactive experience
Webex Webinars attendees don't have access to files transferred by the host during a webinar. The File Transfer window is only available to panelists.
Webex Webinars don't support setting up customized event and session types. Instead, administrators can enable custom user options, enabling and disabling options for individual users.
If the site administrator has disabled video for Webex Events (classic), the option to show video is still available for hosts when scheduling a webinar. If the site has video for Events (classic) enabled, the option to allow panelists to turn on the video is on by default.
If video is turned off in the session type, video in the webinar is not available.
If the site administrator has enabled automatic recording in the cloud for Webex Meetings and Events (classic), even if the host disables automatic recording when scheduling a webinar, the webinar will still be recorded.
If an attendee joins a webinar with the Meetings web app and raises their hand, and then switches to the Meetings desktop app, their raised hand will be lowered.
For information about joining a webinar from a video device, see Join a Webex meeting, webinar, or event from a video system.
When the host downgrades a panelist to an attendee, and that panelist is connected to a video system from the Meetings desktop app, the video system will remain connected to the webinar.
When a host or cohost upgrades an attendee to a panelist, the user appears in both the attendee and panelist list.
When a host or cohost mutes a panelist, if that panelist joined the webinar on their desktop, they're unable to unmute themselves.
If a host starts a webinar from the Webex Meetings for iOS and starts presenting, the host can't answer any questions that are asked.
If a participant joins a webinar through the web app and then switches to using the desktop application, they will still be connected to the webinar through the web app.
Closed captions and transcriptions are only saved if the webinar is recorded.
Webinar streams can only be streamed to one platform.
Public chat messages aren’t shown to panelists who join a webinar from a video device.
For information about audio capabilities in webinars, see Tips and tricks for using audio with Webex Meetings Suite.
While attending a webinar, your status in Webex App does not indicate that you’re in a webinar. For example, you and others will not see your status as “In a meeting.”
You can’t save individual poll results, and the polling report doesn’t include information about who asked and answered questions. This limitation does not apply to Slido polling.
Webinars in webcast view
Webinars in webcast view can only be scheduled on your Webex site.
Only hosts on Webex sites with a webinar plan that supports 3000 or more users can schedule and join a webinar in webcast view.
Webinars in webcast view attendees don't have access to files transferred by the host during a webinar. The File Transfer window is only available to panelists.
Webinars in webcast view don't support Webex for Government.
Webex Webinars don't support setting up customized event and session types. Instead, administrators can enable custom user options, enabling and disabling options for individual users.
If the site administrator has disabled video for Webex Events (classic), the option to show video is still available for hosts when scheduling a webinar. If the site has video for Events (classic) enabled, the option to allow panelists to turn on the video is on by default.
If video is turned off in the session type, video in the webinar is not available.
For information about joining a webinar from a video device, see Join a Webex meeting, webinar, or event from a video system.
If the site administrator has enabled automatic recording in the cloud for Meetings and Events (classic), even if the host disables automatic recording when scheduling a webinar in webcast view, the webinar will still be recorded.
Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren’t supported for webinar in webcast views.
Webinars in webcast view currently don't support the following features:
Webex Assistant for Meetings
Real-time translation
People insights profiles
Animated emoji reactions
Raise hand
Customize and sync stage view
Zoom in and out in grid view
Share a specific application, multiple applications, video content, files, or whiteboard
Scheduling Rest API
Hosts/cohosts can unmute attendees
Promote attendee to panelist
Lock webinar
Whiteboarding and annotation
Practice sessions
Breakout sessions
File transfer for attendees
Enable UCF rich media for attendees
Notes (both allow all participants to take notes and single note taker)
Attendee to join from PSTN or Webex App
Simulatenous interpretation
Moderated unmute
Live streaming to a service that supports Real-Time Messaging Protocol (RTMP) or Real-Time Messaging Protocol - Secure (RTMPS)
Grid view support for up to 81 videos
Allow embedded apps to be opened in stage view
Send problem report to Cisco
People focus (beta)
Webinars in webcast view don't support sharing files directly to participants. Hosts, cohosts, and panelists must share their screen to share and view files.
For attendees, webinar in webcast views will always open in a browser regardless of where or from what platform they joined.
Use computer audio is the only audio connection type available for attendees.
When a host or cohost mutes a panelist, if that panelist joined the webinar in webcast view on desktop, they will be unable to unmute themselves.
Webinars in webcast view can't be broadcasted to other live streaming platforms.
If the host or panelist forwards the panelist invitation email to a user, the user won’t be able to join the webinar in webcast view as a panelist. To join as a panelist, the host must invite them from the webinar scheduler, or the host or cohost must invite a user during an ongoing webinar in webcast view with the invite and remind feature.

  If the panelist doesn't have an account on the site, they can join using the panelist information in the email.
Webinars in webcast view don't support opening and sharing MP4 files with File > Open and Share.
While attending a webinar, your status in Webex App does not indicate that you’re in a webinar. For example, you and others will not see your status as “In a meeting.”
Webinars in webcast view don't support the customizations to the stage made in the stage manager.