January 20, 2023 |
56588 view(s) |
246 people thought this was helpful
Webex Assistant for Webex Meetings
The artificial intelligence-powered Webex Assistant for Meetings interacts with you to help with notes, action items, reminders, and more by using voice commands. Never miss a detail in your meeting or webinar with real-time transcription and automated closed captions that make meetings and webinars even more accessible for participants who are deaf or hard-of-hearing. Record to get a post-meeting or post-webinar transcript.
Where is Webex Assistant for Meetings available?
Webex Assistant is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view). In the 41.7 update, Webex Assistant is also available for Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Your Webex site and users must be linked to Cisco Webex Control Hub or managed in Control Hub, and on Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0, with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version that you're using, see Find Your Cisco Webex Meetings Version Number .
Webex administrators can enable and disable Webex Assistant at any time. Webex Assistant for Meetings is enabled, by default. During a meeting or webinar, hosts can turn on or turn off Webex Assistant.
If your site doesn't support Webex Assistant availability to all Meetings and Webinars plans, Webex administrators can provision Webex Assistant for Meetings for an organization, an entire Webex site, or for specific users through license assignment. Webex administrators can enable and disable Webex Assistant at any time. Webex Assistant for Meetings is enabled, by default. During a meeting or webinar, hosts can turn on or turn off Webex Assistant.
Webex Assistant is available globally. Webex Assistant isn't available for Webex for Government.
Linux supports Webex Assistant in Webex App.
Currently, Webex Assistant only accurately transcribes English dialogue.
Privacy
Data Handling and Privacy for Cognitive Collaboration White Paper
How to set up Webex Assistant for Meetings
Webex Assistant for Meetings Considerations
Add licenses for Cisco Webex Assistant for Meetings
Enable or disable Webex Assistant for Meetings in Webex Site Administration
Enable or disable Webex Assistant for Meetings in Control Hub
How to Use Webex Assistant for Meetings
Use Webex Assistant in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
Manage Cisco Webex Assistant content after a Webex Meetings or Webex Webinars