March 24, 2022 |
28193 view(s) |
91 people thought this was helpful
Configure virtual backgrounds for Webex App users
As an administrator, you can use Control Hub to configure what options users have for applying virtual backgrounds to their meetings and calls in the Webex App. You can control whether people can use organization-wide backgrounds, preset Webex backgrounds, or their own custom backgrounds.
This article describes how to use Control Hub to configure virtual backgrounds for your organization and sites. Your choices affect what users see in the Webex App. Webex App users can read how to Use a virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings.

To enable virtual backgrounds for Webex sites that you manage in Webex Administration, see Enable virtual backgrounds for Webex Meetings, Events, and Training.
The Webex Meetings client version must be on 42.1.0 or later, to support custom virtual backgrounds.
Before you begin
Supported file formats for custom backgrounds are: *.jpg, *.jpe, *.jpeg, and *.png.
The image resolution requirements are:
Minimum: 1600p x 900p
Maximum: 2560p x 1440p
Admin-uploaded images may not exceed 1 MB.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Organization Settings > Virtual backgrounds.
2
Enable Allow virtual backgrounds.
This setting is on by default. It gives the blurred background option to Webex App users across your whole organization, including meetings sites that you manage in Control Hub. You must enable this setting to see the other virtual background controls.
3
Configure the following organization-wide virtual background settings:
Allow Webex backgrounds—Enable this if you want users across your organization to choose from the Webex backgrounds.
Allow admin-uploaded backgrounds (excluding guests)—Enable this if you want your organization's users to choose from the backgrounds that you upload. Use this option for organization-wide branded backgrounds.
Allow guests to use admin-uploaded backgrounds—Enable this if you want guests (meeting participants who are not in your organization) to be able to use your backgrounds when they join.
Allow all users to use their own background images—Enable this so users can add up to three images to use as virtual backgrounds. This setting is enabled by default with Allow virtual backgrounds.
4
(Optional) If you enabled admin-uploaded backgrounds, click Upload to add and save the virtual backgrounds for your organization.
You can drag and drop up to 10 images (up to 1 MB each) into the upload area and then save.
5
(Optional) Click Override to customize the virtual background settings for specific meetings sites.
Your meetings sites inherit the virtual background settings for your organization. You can change that for each site that you manage in Control Hub. For each site, you'll see the following settings and their inherited states:
Allow Webex backgrounds—Enable this if you want users of this meetings site to choose from the Webex backgrounds.
Allow admin-uploaded backgrounds (excluding guests)—Enable this if you want users of this meetings site to choose from your backgrounds.
Allow guests to use admin-uploaded backgrounds—Enable this if you want guests to be able to use your backgrounds when they join meetings hosted on this site. Guests are meeting participants who are not in your organization.
Allow all users to use their own background images—Enable this so users of this meetings site can add up to three images to use as virtual backgrounds.
When you change the inherited settings for a site, Control Hub shows that site as Overridden. For overridden sites, you have the option to Reset to the organization-wide virtual background settings.