July 04, 2023 |
16267 view(s) |
30 people thought this was helpful
Prevent Unwanted People from Attending Your Meetings
The best way to prevent uninvited guests from getting into your meetings is to increase the security by making a few settings mandatory.
As more people shift to remote work, school, and gatherings Cisco Webex Meetings Suite helps you meet as if you’re in the same room. Site Administrators can set options that are used site-wide to enforce security and making certain additional security options available to meeting, event, and training hosts. Setting these options restricts guests from joining meetings on your site. Guests include people who don't have an account on your site, people who haven't signed in to their account on your site, external video systems that aren't registered to your organization, and audio-only users who haven't signed in with an audio PIN.
You can prevent unwanted guests by doing the following:
Requiring strong passwords
Requiring attendees to have an account on your site
Requiring passwords for phone-only and video-device users
Securing Personal Rooms
For Webex Meetings customers that use Webex Teams, to secure your organization's data and prevent data being shared outside of your organization, see Block External Users in Cisco Webex Teams Spaces for Your Organization.
Control Hub
Site Administration
Hosts
Control Hub
For more about securing meetings in Control Hub, read Webex best practices for secure meetings: Control Hub.
Require strong passwords for all meetings, events, and sessions
The most effective step to strengthen the security of all your meetings, events, and training sessions is to require a password. Passwords protect against unauthorized attendance because only users with access to the password are able to join. Following the practice of requiring passwords ensures that all meetings, events, and training sessions that are created by hosts are secured.
We recommend you use a high-complexity, nontrivial password. A recommended password includes a mix of uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and special characters (for example, $Tu0psrOx!). By setting your password to require at least 11 characters, 1 numeric character, 1 uppercase and lowercase letter, and 1 special character, such as $, &, or %, you'll greatly increase the security for your meeting.

  Adding passwords to your meetings, events, and training sessions doesn’t affect the join experience of authorized attendees. Participants easily join by selecting the URL in the email invitation or from the Webex site.
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
Click Sites, choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and then click Settings.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
Under Strong passwords, toggle on Strong passwords.
To configure the following options, toggle on:
Require mixed case
Minimum length
Minimum number of numeric
Minimum number of alpha
Minimum number of special characters
Do not allow dynamic web page text for meeting passwords (site name, host's name, username, meeting topic)
Do not allow meeting passwords from this list:
Click Save.

  A secure password will be 11 or more characters, including mixed case, numbers, and special characters. You can use special characters (!, ?, &) for added security.
Require sign-in when joining a meeting, event, or training session
We recommend that you require all users to have an account on your Webex site if sensitive meetings, events, or training sessions are hosted there. When enabled, besides hosts, attendees are also asked for their credentials when they attempt to join a meeting, event, or training session.
In addition to requiring sign-in to your site, we recommend that you require attendees to sign in when dialing in from a phone. This prevents anyone getting into the meeting or training session without proper credentials.
Sign in to Control Hub, and select Services > Meeting.
Click Sites, choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and then click Settings.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
To require sign in when joining a meeting or training session by phone, under Security Options in the Webex section:
Under the Webex Meetings Phone Settings section, check Require users to sign in when joining by phone.
Under the Webex Training Phone Settings section, check Require users to have an account when joining by phone.
When checked and the host requires sign-in, attendees must sign in from their phones. Attendees must have added a phone number and PIN to their profile settings to do so.
Select Update.
Prevent guests from joining unlocked meetings
For unlocked scheduled Webex meetings and Personal Room meetings, we recommend you restrict attendees to only those who have an account on your site. This prevents any guests from joining. Attendees who join by phone without an Attendee ID get placed in the lobby.
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, select Services, go to Meetings, and choose Sites.
Select the Webex site to change the settings for, and select Configure Site.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
In the Webex Meetings Security section under When a meeting is unlocked, check Guests can't join.

  Meeting hosts can still schedule meetings that allow guests to join, if they choose to.
In the Personal Room Security section under When a meeting is unlocked, check Guests can't join.
Select Update.
Enforce meeting password when joining from phone or video conferencing systems
In addition to requiring passwords when users join from a meeting application (for example, on Windows or Mac), you should also enforce password requirement on users joining from phone or video conferencing systems. When this option is selected, the system automatically generates an eight-digit numeric password for phone and video conferencing system attendees and adds it to the meeting invitation. This ensures that only people with an invitation can join the meeting when using a phone or video conferencing system.
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
Click Sites, choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and then click Settings.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
In the Webex Meetings section:
Go to Webex Meetings Phone Settings, and check Enforce meeting password when joining by phone.
Go to Webex Meetings Video Conferencing System Settings (Only applicable for CMR Cloud), and check Enforce meeting password when joining by video conferencing systems.
In the Webex Events section, check Enforce event password when joining by phone.
In the Webex Training section, check Enforce training session password when joining by phone.

  If any of these options aren't available, contact Webex support to enable them.
Click Save.
Enforce personal room locking after a default time
We recommend you enforce automatic locking of Personal Rooms after a designated time. When a meeting is started in a Personal Room, the host can accept the default time you set at the site level, or change how many minutes after a meeting starts that they want the Personal Room to lock, including zero minutes.
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
Click Sites, choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and then click Settings.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
In the Webex meeting security section, check Enable automatically lock the meeting after the meeting starts.
Set the number of minutes to zero after the meeting starts that the Personal Room is locked. For additional security, you can also require attendees to sign in.
Click Save.
Hide meeting links from attendees within meetings
Hiding meeting and event links within meetings deters attendees from inviting unwanted guests by making the links less convenient to copy and share. It does not prevent attendees from copying and sharing meeting links from their email invitations.
Sign in to Control Hub, and go to Services > Meeting.
Click Sites, choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and then click Settings.
Under Common Settings, select Security.
In the Other section, check Hide meeting link from attendee view within meetings (Meetings and Events). This option is unchecked by default.

  When hidden, the Copy Meeting Link option is disabled for attendees in the Meeting Info window, the More Options menu, and the Meeting menu. Hosts can still share meeting links within meetings.