August 02, 2023 |
80981 view(s) |
682 people thought this was helpful
Set your Personal Room preferences
You can change the name, URL, and host PIN of your Personal Room, and designate alternate hosts or cohosts for your Personal Room meetings. For added security, you can set your Personal Room to automatically lock after the meeting starts. People cannot enter a locked meeting; they wait in your lobby until you let them in.
1
Sign in to User Hub, then select Settings.
2
Go to My Personal Room and enter new name in the Personal Room name.
Your Personal Room name can be 1–128 characters in length.
3
To edit your Personal Room link, enter a new ID.
Your Personal Room link has these requirements:
Can be 1–64 characters in length.
Must contain at least one alphabetic character.
Must not contain any symbols or special characters except hyphens (-), periods (.), or underscores (_).
Must not already be in use by someone else on the site.

  If you change your Personal Room ID, update your previously scheduled Personal Room meetings to use your new Personal Room URL. The previous URL no longer works.
4
To lock your Personal Room automatically after the meeting starts, check Automatic lock, and specify the number of minutes.
You can choose 0, 5, 10, 15, or 20 minutes. After a meeting locks, attendees wait to join the meeting until you admit them.
5
For Notification, check Notify me by email when someone enters my Personal Room lobby while I am away receive an email notification when someone enters your Personal Room.
6
For Cohost, check Allow cohosts for my Personal Room meetings.
If you allow another person or video device to cohost your Personal Room meetings, select one of the options:
Let me choose cohosts for my Personal Room meetings
The first person to join my Personal Room meeting who has a host account on this site becomes a cohost
All attendees who have host accounts on this site become cohosts when they join my Personal Room meetings
To specify cohosts, enter their email addresses separated by commas or semicolons.
7
For Share content, check or uncheck Anyone can share content in my Personal Room.
When enabled for your site, you can allow or prevent users from sharing content during Personal Room meetings.
8
For Mute attendees, choose from the following options:
Allow the host and cohosts to unmute participants (Moderated unmute mode)—Hosts and cohosts can unmute participants and SIP-based video devices directly without sending an unmute request. This is available in 41.1 and later Webex sites.
Allow attendees to unmute themselves in the meeting—If you have chosen to mute attendees when they join the meeting, select this option to allow them to unmute themselves during the meeting.

  If you want only the host or co-host to be able to unmute attendees, leave this option unchecked.
Always mute attendees when they join the meeting—Automatically mutes attendees when they join the meeting. Attendees can raise their hands if they want to speak during a meeting. For more information, see View Meeting Participants with Their Hand Raised in Cisco Webex Meetings and Events.
9
Select Save.