September 15, 2021 |
5225 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Migrate Users to Webex
In this article
Understanding Users and Contacts
Perform the new user synchronization from Control Hub, to migrate your users in Unified CM. Use this migration tool when you are not using the existing Webex methods to provision users such as Cisco Directory Connector, adding users manually or using bulk import in Control Hub. For more information, see Ways to add Users to your Control Hub Organization .
Use this table to understand the definition of user in Control Hub:
Term
Definition
User
Is a person within an organization. He has a phone or a soft client assigned to him. An administrator manages the User.
Workspace
Is a public space. For example: lobby or cafeteria phone, conference room, etc, that has a device and/or a machine account. Workspace is within an organization and is managed by an administrator.
Service Number
Is a machine account for a feature with or without a device. For example: Hunt group, analog access, voice Portal, VXML, RP, Meet-Me Conference, Instant Group Call, Group Paging, Flexible Seating Host, Find-me/Follow-me, Call Center, Broad works Anywhere Portal. Service Number is associated to an organization and managed by an administrator.
Personal Contact
Refers to user, workspace or a Service number. The Personal contact is managed by an administrator.
The benefits of User synchronization are:
Provides seamless user search experience. By synchronizing users and contacts to cloud, this feature helps Webex app to provide search functionality similar to Jabber.
Automates the task of synchronizing users from Unified CM database into Webex. This feature facilitates synchronization and simplifies migration task as sync done manually is error prone and time consuming.

This release does not support Contact synchronization.
Prerequisite
Before you start synchronization of the users, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Get familiar with Control Hub.
Webex Control Hub is the management interface for the Webex platform. For more information, see Get Started with Webex Control Hub.
Access Control Hub with full administrator privileges.
With full administrator privileges, you can assign one or more roles to any user in your organization. Ensure to assign a user with administrator privilege so you can migrate the rest of your Unified CM users. For more information, see Assign Organizational Account Roles in Webex Control Hub.
Set your preferences for sync. Select Go to settings.
Use Bulk Administration Tool (BAT) to migrate users.
Use the Import/Export menu in the Cisco Unified Communications Manager application, to migrate users. See the Import Users Using the Bulk Administration Tool (BAT) for detailed information.
Import Users Using the Bulk Administration Tool (BAT)
Use the Bulk Administration Tool (BAT) in Cisco Unified Communications Manager application to export users from Unified CM, and later import to Control Hub and Webex Users. Complete these steps to import the users:
1
Select Bulk Administration > Import/Export > Export to export the contact lists of the migrating users from the current home cluster.
The Export Data window displays.
2
Choose Select All in the Select items to Export section.
3
Choose a filename for the exported list data. In the Job Description field, enter the description that you want to provide for the job. Export Configuration is the default description.
4
Click Run Immediately or schedule the job to run later. Click Submit.
5
Monitor the status of the export job. Use the Job Scheduler option in the Bulk Administration main menu to schedule and/or activate this job.

  Do not modify or update the tar file after you export the file from Unified CM application.
6
Download the export file and store it for use later when the user migration is complete. Choose Cisco Unified CM IM and Presence Administration > Bulk Administration > Upload/Download Files.
From the Upload/Download window select the tar file and click on Download Selected.
7
Un-tar the .tar file to any location on your machine using the tar -xvf command. Extract the .csv file to the specified location. See the Cisco Unified Communications Manager Bulk Administration Guide for detailed information.
Task Flow

Set Your Preferences

Data Pending for Synchronization
Import New Data

Review User Data Before Sync

Review Summary Data