January 20, 2023 |
998 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
New Webex data center in Toronto and migration plan for your Webex Meetings site
With the new data center now operational in Canada, we're allowing customers to migrate their Webex Meetings data from their current data center to the one in Toronto.
Migrating your Webex Meetings site from US to Canada
Cisco is committed to the protection and privacy of our customers’ data, keeping in mind the unwavering need for additional flexibility and the ability to host data in your region.
With plans to be fully operational in July 2022, the new data center offers the full Webex Meetings stack, meaning you'll have the ability to store data relating to your Webex Meetings site—including authentication data, recordings, transcripts, as well as analytics for Webex Meetings, Messaging, Calling, and Devices—within Canada. Billing and Webex Messaging data (other than analytics) for Canadian customers will remain in the U.S. Building on our commitment to provide full transparency, we will also launch a new user interface in Control Hub to display the location of your organization’s data.
Our plan
We'll send you an email asking you to opt in through your Cisco Customer Success Manager or CARE representative. After we receive your request, we'll schedule the migration of your Webex Meetings site from our U.S. data centers to the Canadian data center, and we'll communicate the dates accordingly. We're planning your migration to coincide with your site's maintenance window, which we hope will minimize any disruption and not require additional effort from you.
Can I opt out of the migration schedule?
You can opt out of (and opt back into) the mass migration in Control Hub up to three (3) days before the scheduled migration date. If you can't access Control Hub and you wish to opt out, please submit a support case. If you opt out of the migration plan, you'll still have the opportunity to schedule a future migration by submitting a support case to Cisco after the mass migration has completed (targeted completion in late 2022).
Contact Cisco Technical Support or your Customer Success Manager (CSM) for any further information.
Choose a Webex Meetings site to migrate or opt out of
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, go to Migrations.
Scroll to the Canada data migration section and click View.
Click View Details in the Meetings section.
Toggle the switch next to the Webex site that you want to migrate or opt out of in the Opt in column.
Impacts on Webex services during migration

Eligibility for Canada migration