January 20, 2023 |
1554 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Accessibility features for Windows
Webex App for Windows accessibility features make it easier for you to navigate our app and use our messaging features. For Webex App for Windows, we recommend the JAWS screen reader version 18 or later.
Navigate the messaging area of Webex App
The messaging area of Webex App can be defined as the options that are available inside a space, including Space information, Space name, Team name, and more.
Press Tab to cycle through each feature in the messaging area in Webex App, and learn what each feature does. To reverse-cycle through each feature, press Shift and Tab.
1
Space Information—Press Enter and Tab to cycle through the space setting options.
2
Favourite a space—Press Enter to add the space to your favorite spaces.
3
Space name—This is the name of the space. Press Enter to edit the space name which any member of a space can edit, unless it is a moderated space.
4
Team name—This is the name of the team that the space belongs to. Press Enter to view the team members, or leave the team.
5
Schedule a meeting—Press Enter to schedule a meeting in the space.
6
Meet—Press Enter to start an instant meeting in the space.
7
Search in space—Press Enter to search for text in the space. Enter the text in the search bar.
8
View pinned messages—Press Enter to view pinned messages in the space.
9
Messages tab—Shows the messages in the space. This is the starting area of the space content, and pressing the left and right arrows cycles through these options. Press the right keypad arrow to see the people in the space. This takes you away from the message area. To return to the message area, press the left keypad arrow.
Press Enter.
Press Tab to go to the last read message in the space.
If there are unread messages in the space, press Tab and Enter to scroll to the last unread message in the space.
Press Tab again to go to the Compose message area.

  For more information about how to navigate the message compose and message area, see Navigate the message compose area and Navigate the message area.
10
People tab—Shows the people in the space. Press the right keypad arrow to see the content in the space. This takes you away from the people area. To return to the people area, press the left keypad arrow.
Press Enter.
To add people to an unmoderated space, press the down keypad arrow and press Enter and enter the name of the person to want to add to the space.
Press the up and down keypad arrows to cycle through the people in the space.
11
Content tab—Shows the content that is shared in the space. Press the right keypad arrow to see meeting information in the space. This takes you away from the content area. To return to the content area, press the left keypad arrow.
Press Enter, and cycle through the following options by pressing the Tab key.
To see content shared in the space, press the right and left keypad arrows to cycle through the different content types: Files, Whiteboards, Links, and Meeting content. Press Enter on the option you want to view, and cycle through content using the keypad arrows.
To see linked folder files shared in the space only, when the File content type is selected, press Tab and press Enter, press the down keypad arrow to choose Linked folder files and press Enter.
To toggle between a list or grid view of content, when the File content type is selected, press Tab twice, and then select the view using the left and right keypad arrows.
12
Meetings tab—Shows scheduled space meetings, and options to schedule a space meeting. Press the right keypad arrow to see embedded apps that are added to the space. This takes you away from the meeting area. To return to the meetings area, press the left keypad arrow.
Press Enter.
To schedule a meeting in the space, press the down keypad arrow and press Enter. Press Tab to cycle through the different fields, such as topic, time, date, and invitees.
Press the down keypad arrow to view upcoming scheduled meetings in the space.
13
+Apps tab—Shows embedded apps that are added to the space.
Press Enter.
Navigate the message compose area
When you are in the message compose area, use these shortcuts to edit your last message and use the compose message tools.
1
When you are in the message compose area, the screen reader says "Write a message to <space name>, edit, type and text"
2
Press Tab to go to the toolbar. Depending on what is set up by your administrator, by moving the left and right keypad arrows you can:
Add attachment
Screen capture
Format text
Add emoji
Add GIF
Add Bitmoji
@ mention
Invite a colleague to your personal room
3
Press Shift and the up keypad arrow to edit your last message.
4
To go to the message area, press Shift and Tab.
5
If there are new unread messages or replies in the opened space, then the first tab stop is the New messages or New replies floating buttons. If there are no new unread messages or replies in the space, the first tab stop is read receipts.
Navigate the message area
When you are in the message area, use these shortcuts to read and respond to messages in a space.
1
When you are in the message area, the screen reader says "Webex conversation history, use the up and down arrow keys to navigate, and Shift plus F10 for more options. Seen by <number of people>, use left and right arrow keys to navigate list box. Seen by <Person A, Person B...>"
2
If there are new unread messages or replies in the opened space, then the first tab stop is the New messages or New replies floating buttons. If there are no new unread messages or replies in the space, the first tab stop is read receipts.
3
Press the up and down keypad arrows to navigate through the message history.

  If there is a thread, the ‘Reply to thread’ button will be part of this navigation in the message history of the space.
4
When on a message, press Shift and F10 for message action options.
5
When on a message, press Enter and Tab to access the internal navigation of the message, so that you can read letter by letter, word by word, sentence by sentence, and select text.
To read a message letter by letter, press the left and right keypad arrows.
To read a message word by word, press CTRL and left and right keypad arrows.
To read a message sentence by sentence, press CTRL and up and down keypad arrows.
To select the text of the message, press Shift and left and right keypad arrows.
6
Press Shift, ALT and M to scroll to new messages.
7
Press Shift, ALT and T to scroll to new replies.
8
Press Shift and PgDn to scroll to the bottom of the space.
9
Press Tab to go to the compose message area. See Navigate the message compose area for more actions.
10
Press Shift and Tab to go to the space content area. Use the left and right keypad arrows to navigate between People, Content, Meetings and +Apps headings. See Navigate the messaging area of Webex App for more actions.