January 20, 2023 |
50162 view(s) |
278 people thought this was helpful
Select audio settings for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
Your meeting settings and preferences are organized into a single menu where you can set your speaker and microphone, adjust volume levels and set smart audio features.
Windows
Mac
1
For a meeting, click Show Menu Bar > Meeting > Meeting settings.
2
For a webinar, click Show Menu Bar > Webinar > Webinar settings.
3
For audio settings, click Audio, and then check the checkbox next to the setting you want.

  Some checkboxes are checked by default and can't be changed.
Speaker—You can select your speaker option from the drop-down menu and then test your speaker.

  For more information on adjusting your speaker and mircophone, see Adjust your computer mic and speaker volume in a Webex meeting.

  For more information on testing your speaker and microphone, see Test your speaker and microphone in Webex meetings.
Microphone—Select your microphone option from the drop-down menu and then test your microphone.
Automatically adjust volume—If selected, this automatically increases or decreases speaker and microphone volume.
Unmute temporarily by holding Spacebar—If selected, you can unmute yourself temporarily by holding dow the Spacebar. For more information on muting or unmuting yourself, see Mute or unmute in Webex meetings suite.

  Release the Spacebar to go back on mute.
Sync mute button status on microphone device—If you mute yourself on a different device, it is reflected in the meeting.
Webex smart audio options:
Noise removal—Removes all background noise.
Optimize for my voice—Removes all background noise and background speech.
Optimize for all voices—Removes all background noise and enhances all voices nearby.
Music mode—Others hear the original sound when you play an instrument or sing. For more information on music mode, see Enable music mode in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.
4
For audio statistics, click Statistics, and then click Audio.
VoIP codec (computer audio)—displays your computer audio.
Audio connection ports—displays your audio connections.
Bandwidth
The maximum rate of data transfer.
Latency
The speed of data transfer from one point to another.

  This should be as close to zero as possible.
Jitter
When the rate of data transfer changes.
Packet loss
The amount of information you lose from a connection.

  This can cause performance issues.
Send
Recieve
Two way communication of sending data back and forth.

  The Overall tab displays memory utilization and CPU usage.