April 19, 2023 |
8077 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Get started with Partner Hub
With Partner Hub, you can manage all your customers in one location.
Overview
Customer details
Analytics
After you place an order on CCW, you receive access to Partner Hub where you can set up your own organization.
Sign in to Partner Hub and select Launch my organization at the top of the left-hand navigation.
Just like new customers, if this sign in is your first time opening your own organization, a first-time setup wizard with a plan review appears. Accept the terms and conditions, then click Get Started and follow the prompts.
After your organization is set up, you can add users, manage services, view analytics for your own organization, and so on.

  If you need assistance with managing customer trials, we recommend that you assign one of the partner administrator roles to other users in your organization. Go to Users, click a user, then click Roles and Security > Administrator Roles to view all the partner admin roles available.
Customer list
Once you sign in to Partner Hub, you see a list of all the customers that you manage, along with their statuses to know which customers require your attention. Some of the customer statuses available are:
Trial—Customer has an ongoing Webex trial.
Subscription—Customer has an active subscription.
Expiring soon—One of the customer's subscription or trial is going to expire in a couple of days.
License overage—Customer has a subscription that uses more licenses than what was originally purchased.
No recent activity—Admins in that customer organization hasn't signed in to Control Hub
Ready for order setup—A subscription hasn't been fully set up yet.
Suspended—One of the customer's subscriptions hasn't been paid for yet.
Expired—Customer has no active subscriptions.
You can also launch directly to a customer’s organization by clicking on the Launch organization icon at the end of the customer’s row.
Filters
Is there a customer that hasn’t had any activity recently? Is there a trial that’s about to expire soon that you have to follow up on? Use query-based filters to easily scan customers that you’re looking for. Possible filters are:
Managed by—Filter by customers that you manage as an external admin or by customers that are a part of your partner organization.
Product—Filter customers by the product they've ordered, such as by Webex Meetings, Webex Calling, or Real-Time Translations.
Status—Filter customers by their subscription, trial, or organization status.
Subscription Type—Filter customers by if their organization has a subscription or trial.
Webex Trials
If you have a customer that wants to give Webex a try, you can start a Webex trial for them in Partner Hub by clicking on the Start Trial button.