May 05, 2023 |
5485 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Remove an Expressway node from a hybrid resource
You can remove an Expressway node from a resource in Control Hub, but this works best for nodes that no longer exist on the premises (due to a hardware failure, for example). Even if you remove the node from the clustering setup on the Expressway, the node still contains its hybrid services setup, continues to connect, and appears as part of the same resource in Control Hub. Use this procedure to fully remove the node.
1
Put the node in to maintenance mode:
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services > Hybrid, and then click View from the on-premises resources card.
From a resource card, click the Node link below the resource FQDN or IP address.
For the node you want to do maintenance on, go to Actions, and then choose Enable Maintenance Mode.
After you've read and understood the prompt, click Enable.
The node goes in to a pending maintenance state. For a multi-node high availability deployment, this state makes sure that the node can be temporarily shut down in a safe manner with little or no service interruption.
Expressway nodes go in to maintenance mode within 30 seconds and users may briefly lose that service until they are migrated to another node.
2
Remove the node from the cluster:
Sign in to the user interfaces of all the Expressway peers in the cluster.
Go to System > Clustering on the primary peer.
Delete the address of the peer that is leaving the cluster.
Move the remaining addresses up the list so that there are no empty fields between entries.
If you moved the primary peer's address, change the Configuration primary number to match its new position in the list.
Click Save.
Repeat the clustering configuration changes (described above) on each of the subordinate peers, except the one that is leaving the cluster.
3
Clear the clustering and hybrid services configuration from the isolated node:
Open the user interface of the Expressway that you removed from the cluster.
Go to System > Clustering.
Delete all peer addresses except the address of this peer.
Move this peer's address to the Peer 1 address field.
Change the Configuration primary to 1 and save the page.
This isolated node is now a "cluster of one", which means that you can deregister it.
Go to Applications > Hybrid Services > Connector Management and click Deregister.
4
Remove the node in Control Hub:
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services > Hybrid, and choose all resources on the on-premises resources card.
Find the right resource card, and click the Node link below the resource FQDN or IP address.
On the node you are removing from the cluster, go to Actions, and disable maintenance mode.
Control Hub now shows the node as offline. This update might take a few minutes.
On the same node, go to Actions and click Remove node.
For nodes that still exist, they return to the Control Hub list when the next heartbeat connection is established.
Related Information
Cisco Expressway Cluster Creation and Maintenance Deployment Guide