January 20, 2023 |
56327 view(s) |
724 people thought this was helpful
Use Webex Assistant voice commands during a meeting or webinar
At any point during the meeting or webinar, you can switch the Webex Assistant on to enable AI note-taking capabilities. Automatic note taking means that meeting and webinar highlights are captured, so you can spend less time managing the meeting or webinar and more time focused on the outcomes. Highlights are the most salient points or important moments of the meeting and webinar. Interactive voice commands automatically capture important moments, making meetings and webinars more actionable.
Webex Assistant is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Voice Commands

  Currently, Webex Assistant for meetings and webinars only supports English voice commands.
Simply ask the Webex Assistant to do things like create actions items, take notes, and even set up future meetings or and webinars with just your voice. Use the wake phrase “OK Webex” followed by a command to create a highlight.
You can't customize the wake phrase.
You can't control the volume of Webex Assistant.
If you're also using Webex Assistant for devices, see Use Webex Assistant in a meeting, webinar, or on a device.
Voice command
Voice command example
Example highlight in the Highlights Tab
OK Webex, create an action item...
OK Webex, create an action item to review the slide deck.
OK Webex, create an agenda...
OK Webex, create an agenda for this meeting to review our go-to-market release.
OK Webex, create a decision...
OK Webex, create a decision to move ahead with the latest proposal.
OK Webex, create a note...
OK Webex, create a note that we updated the proposal.
OK Webex, create a summary...
OK Webex, in summary, we are moving ahead with Friday's release plan.
OK Webex, create a task...
OK Webex, create a task to review the list of candidates.
OK Webex, ...highlight that
OK Webex, the conference presenter canceled at the last minute, highlight that.
OK Webex, schedule a follow-up meeting...
OK Webex, schedule a follow-up meeting for Monday at 3:00 P.M.
Webex Assistant schedules a Webex Meeting with the current attendees on the time and date specified.
Get to know Webex Assistant
Voice Command
OK Webex, are you there?
OK Webex, tell me a joke
OK Webex, what can you do?
OK Webex, what is your name?
OK Webex, hello
OK Webex, what are you up to?
OK Webex, who made you?
OK Webex, what languages do you speak?