May 25, 2023 |
2929 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Webex for Government known issues and limitations
Learn about issues of concern to government users or administrators, and available workarounds. We've listed features that are purposefully excluded from Webex for Government as limitations.
Known issues and limitations

  This list may include features not released for government organizations. This isn’t a comprehensive list of feature gaps between Webex for Government and commercial Webex.
In particular, if your site uses Site Administration instead of Control Hub, your users don't have access to many newer features.
For help with the latest analytics capabilities, see Analytics for Your Webex for Government Portfolio.
For considerations and help with the latest diagnostics and troubleshooting capabilities, see Advanced Diagnostics and Troubleshooting for Your Webex for Government Meetings in Control Hub.
Azure AD integration
If your organization enforces that all users have a verified domain, Azure AD synchronization doesn't allow user creation for unverified domains in future syncs. Most Webex for Government organizations require verified domains.
Known issues with devices in Webex for Government
devices.webex.com isn’t currently available to government users. This option provides an alternative to using the Webex App for wireless sharing. Webex for Government cloud registered devices currently show a menu setting option, "To share wirelessly, go to devices.webex.com." Webex for Government doesn't currently support this option.
settings.webex.com isn’t currently available to government users. This option provides personal device activation and management, face upload (for face recognition), and customized backgrounds.
For the Join Webex button to work on government devices that link with Edge for Devices, you must enable the Webex Optimized Experience. The button lets you enter the meeting number to join a government meeting. The button doesn't work for government devices joining commercial meetings.
Limitations of devices in Webex for Government
Webex for Government doesn’t support Webex Room Series models that have reached End of Life, including CTS-series systems.
Government users can only use proximity pairing with devices registered to the government cloud. Likewise, commercial users can only use proximity pairing with devices registered to the commercial cloud.
Government users that pair with devices registered to the government cloud can't click Join Using Device on paired soft clients to join commercial cloud meetings. Likewise, commercial users that pair with devices registered to the commercial cloud can't use that button to join a government cloud meeting. In these cases, users can:
Use the commercial device to join the meeting (for example, dial the meeting's SIP URI from the device itself without using the soft client).
Use Webex App or Webex Meetings soft client to join the meeting. They use the meeting's join button on the soft client, without using a paired device.
Devices with the H.263 video codec display shared meeting content embedded inside the main video feed, together with other participants’ video.
When users join meetings across the boundary (commercial users join Webex for Government meetings, or conversely), the joining and in-meeting experience is different than joining meetings within the boundary. The following table gives an overview of the different scenarios:
Table 1. Join and in-meeting experience
Type of device
Commercial meeting
Webex for Government meeting
Commercial cloud registered (both personal mode and shared mode devices)
Join button (One Button to Push, or OBTP)
Full in-meeting experience ( advanced mute, lock, layout options, full participants list, and more)
Join button (OBTP)
Use the full video address (<meeting_number>@<site>.webex.com) to join. You can't use a short video address (<meeting_number>@webex.com) to join.
Limited in-meeting experience (See Webex Device Experience During Meetings for comparison)
Webex for Government cloud registered (both personal mode and shared mode devices)
Join button (OBTP)
Limited in-meeting experience (See Webex Device Experience During Meetings for comparison)
Use the full video address (<meeting_number>@<site>.webex.com) to join. You can't use a short video address (<meeting_number>@webex.com) to join.
Join button (OBTP)
Use the full video address (<meeting_number>@<site>.webex.com) to join. You can't use a short video address (<meeting_number>@webex.com) to join.
Full in-meeting experience ( advanced mute, lock, layout options, full participants list, and more)
Webex for Government cloud registered devices can't join Microsoft Teams meetings using Webex video integration with Microsoft Teams. The workaround is to use WebRTC.

  WebRTC calling to Microsoft Teams isn’t enabled by default. See Enable WebRTC to Join a Microsoft Teams Meeting from Webex Boards, Room Devices, and Desk Pros for help. Always use https://admin-usgov.webex.com to access Control Hub for your government organization.
Appspace integration for digital signage isn't available in Webex for Government. Webex for Government supports URL-based digital signage.
Webex Assistant for Devices isn't available on Webex for Government cloud registered devices.
You can't currently use Google Meet Kits in a Webex for Government environment.
You can't currently use Airplay on RoomOS devices in a Webex for Government environment.
Other known issues
Webex for Government doesn't yet support the Linux version of the Webex App.
People Insights profiles aren’t available in Webex for Government.
Government users don't see the People Insights icon () in user profiles.
Webex Assistant for Meetings is currently available in Webex for Government.
Slido integration isn’t available with Webex for Government.
Other limitations
A government user can join a commercial meeting from the Webex App (using the OBTP Join button), but the experience is that of a guest. Depending on whether the meeting details include a web address or video address, Webex App joins by launching the meeting in a browser or by SIP.
Likewise, commercial users joining government meetings from the Webex App join as guests through their browser or through SIP.
Government users can't share animated GIFs in Webex App. The GIPHY library isn't available in Webex for Government.
Webex for Government doesn't support the process that populates meeting content to a space yet. So, meeting recordings don't appear in the space.
Your Webex for Government account can't sign in to https://golearn.webex.com/. Create a Cisco account and sign in with that account instead.
Webex for Government doesn't currently support Webex Calling. We plan to support it in the future.
Webex for Government doesn't support self-registration or allowing nonadministrators to invite new users. Use one of the other methods to add users outlined in Ways to add users to your Control Hub organization.
Webex for Government doesn't currently support the enhanced whiteboard experience, including the "selection" and "shape" tools.
Webex device experience during meetings
When you join a commercial meeting from a government device, or a Webex for Government meeting from a commercial device, the experience is different than the full Webex-optimized join experience. The following table describes the key differences:
Table 2. Full versus limited in-meeting experiences
Feature
Full in-meeting experience
Limited in-meeting experience (joining using SIP)
Authenticating from meeting lobby
Enter password directly on device to authenticate.
Use DTMF commands to enter password.
Video layout
Multiple video streams show, with video layout controls available on the device.
Single transcoded video image shows, with DTMF commands available to change video layout.
Content share
Share shows in its own frame.
Share shows both as part of a single composed frame with all video streams and in larger format in a single frame below.
Participant list and individual controls
View participant list on device, with advanced controls for individual participants (mute, remove, promote, and so on).
No participant list, no advanced controls.
Meeting controls (record, mute all, lock, and so on)
Control meeting directly from device.
Use DTMF commands to control meeting.
Breakout sessions
Join breakout sessions from the device.
Currently, these devices can't participate. (You remain in the main meeting.)
Intelligence features (facial recognition, closed captioning, Webex Assistant)
Available.
Not available.
Whiteboarding
All participants can view and edit a whiteboard.
Only the whiteboard host can edit. Other participants can only view the whiteboard.