December 02, 2021 |
89081 view(s) |
50 people thought this was helpful
Enable Webex App Users' Status to Display in Microsoft Outlook
As an administrator, you can connect your user's Webex App status to Outlook. They'll be able to call or send messages to their contacts and see their status.

For the status integration to work, restart both the Webex App and Outlook after making these changes.
Windows Users
Your users must be using Webex App on:
Windows 7, 8, or 10 with Microsoft Outlook 2016 or later
Microsoft Office 365 (version 16.0.9001 or later)
In your Active Directory, populate the proxyAddresses field for each user, the format of the SIP address is SIP:username@example.com. Ensure that the SIP address for each user in your Active Directory matches with the Webex username.
This integration is not automatically enabled. To make this setting available for users in your organization, you must register the file spark-windows-office-integration.dll using administrator privileges. After you register the .dll file, the check box is available for your users. You can run regsvr32.exe on the .dll file, or use another method.

The spark-windows-office-integration.dll file is part of the Webex installation and is stored in the dependencies subfolder of your Webex installation folder. For more information, see Installation and Automatic Upgrade .
Example of how to register the .dll file using regsvr32.exe :
Go to the directory for the .dll, for example:
        c:\Users\anita\AppData\Local\Programs\Cisco Spark\dependencies 
      
Enter the following:
        regsvr32.exe /s spark-windows-office-integration.dll 
      
Example of how to unregister the .dll file using regsvr32.exe :
Go to the directory for the .dll, for example:
        c:\Users\anita\AppData\Local\Programs\Cisco Spark\dependencies 
      
Enter the following:
        regsvr32.exe /s /u spark-windows-office-integration.dll 
      
Users must restart Webex App and Outlook to see status from Webex App in Outlook.
For users on a free account, they can integrate Cisco Webex status with Microsoft Outlook in Webex App if they are administrators on their computers.

If either or both Outlook for Windows and the Webex App is running in elevated mode, Outlook won't show Webex App user status.
Mac Users
If the Webex App is the only app that users have installed to integrate with status in Outlook, then the Webex App integrates with status in Outlook by default.
If users have another app installed that integrates with status in Outlook, then they must choose to integrate Webex status in Outlook .
Conflicts with Other Apps
You must only maintain one app that integrates with Outlook for status. Having more than one app integrated with Outlook can cause conflicts. Before enabling Webex App status integration with Outlook, users must quit and unregister any other instant messaging apps that they use to connect with Outlook.
Tips for Removing the Integration
For users on Windows, you can unregister the .dll file for users in your organization. Users with a free account can choose to remove the integration in the Webex App.
For users on Mac, they can change the setting in the Webex App.