November 03, 2021 |
42903 view(s) |
102 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Add-In for Microsoft Office 365
In this article
You can use the Webex App add-in to access your Webex App spaces directly from Microsoft Excel, Word or PowerPoint. You can reference messages from Webex App or send a message to someone.
Install Cisco Webex App Add-In
What You Need
System requirements:
Mac—MacOS 10.10 or later
Windows PCs—Windows 10 or later
Webex App account—For more information, see https://www.webex.com/products/teams/index.html.
Microsoft Office 365 subscription
Supported Microsoft versions:
Microsoft Excel, Word, or PowerPoint desktop version 16.0.11629 or later
Microsoft Excel, Word or PowerPoint Online
For more information on Webex App Add-In, see Webex in the Microsoft AppSource.
You can install the Webex App add-in once using either Microsoft Excel, Word or PowerPoint and then the add-in is available on the other Microsoft Office applications. The following steps apply to Microsoft Word and can also be applied to Microsoft Excel or PowerPoint.
1
Open a Microsoft Word document, click Insert, click the arrow beside Add-ins and then choose Get Add-ins.
2
Choose the Store tab, enter Webex App and click Search.
If you don't see Webex App listed in the search results, contact your IT administrator for access.
3
Click Get it now for Webex App and follow the instructions to install the Add-in.
4
In Microsoft Word, click Home and then click Webex App in the ribbon menu.
5
Sign in with your Webex App credentials.
Webex App shows the spaces that you're a member of.
You can do the following with Webex App:
View your recent spaces in Webex App
Click Search and enter a space name to search for an existing Webex App space.
Create a new space, click on , enter a name and then add people to the space.
Webex App remembers the space you were in while working on a document, then the next time you open this Microsoft Word document and you open the Webex App add-in, Webex App automatically opens that space again.
You can sign out from Webex App, click on your profile picture and then click Sign Out.
Tips About Using Webex App Add-In for Microsoft Office 365
You can only see messages for spaces where you are a participant.
You can run the add-in only for the supported Microsoft Office 365 applications - Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
The add-in works best on the latest version of Microsoft Office 365. You can check for updates, click Help > Check for Updates.
You can add people one at a time to spaces, make sure to click Enter after adding their email address. After they are added, you can see their profile pictures.
Your administrator or IT department can silently and centrally deploy the add-in to your Microsoft Office 365 organization. For more information, see Determine if Centralized Deployment of add-ins works for your organization.