July 25, 2023 |
3221 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Webex Call integration with Microsoft Teams for on-prem UCM
In this article
Seamlessly place UCM calls from within Microsoft Teams without interrupting your workflow or switching between applications.
Overview
Using your existing UCM Calling infrastructure, Webex Calling integration with Microsoft Teams is a powerful way to collaborate and communicate within Microsoft Teams.
Cisco Webex Calling integration for Microsoft Teams is an application within Microsoft Teams that enables the user to make voice and video calls using Call Manager. With a single click from within the Microsoft Teams interface, you can have access to all advanced calling capabilities of Cisco Unified CM.

Currently, only Call History service is supported. Voicemail and In-call Presence integration for UCM will be added in the upcoming releases.
Prerequisites
Access to Control Hub:
Set up Webex Cloud-Connected UC for on-premises devices
Cisco Unified CM configuration:
The line number on Cisco Unified CM needs to be associated to the user ID for the call history to be populated with the username.
From Cisco Unified CM administration, use the Device → Phone, select the phone and click on the Device Name (Line) and then click the required line from Association panel to get to User Associated with Line.
Cisco Unified CM version:
12.5 SU7+
Users synced to Control Hub:
The users need to be synced either from on-prem active directory or from Cloud AD such as Azure to Control Hub common identity (CI).

Webex App is required for this MS integration with UCM calling to work.
Configure Microsoft Teams:
Teams administrators must configure your Teams app with Webex Calling. Refer to Configure Webex Calling for Microsoft Teams for details.
Call history
Missed a call and want to see who it was? Or, you might just need an easy way to get back to someone you've talked to before.
To enable call history:
From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services > Connected UC. On the UC Management card, click Inventory.
The list of cluster groups appears with the description, status, clusters, and nodes.
Click Details next to the cluster group on which you need to enable call history toggle.
The Inventory page appears, showing the list of clusters belonging to the selected cluster group.
Click Details next to the cluster to which the particular product node belongs.
The Node name with the version, product, and status appears.
Click the ellipsis ⋮ icon next to Event History and choose Service Management.
The Service Management page appears with the list of services.
Use the toggle button to enable the Centralized Call History.
Click Submit.
If the Data Collection Confirmation popup is displayed, agree to it by enabling the check box and click Submit.
Known issues
Call history records aren't populated for calls made to Hunt pilot numbers and received by the Hunt pilot Agents. Following is the behaviour currently:
Alice calls Hunt pilot
Agent1 answers the call. Alice sees the history record for Hunt pilot. But, Agent1 doesn’t see any record.
Alice calls Hunt pilot
Hunt pilot has two agents (Agent1, Agent2) configured and none of them answers the call. Alice sees two call records for the same hunt pilot. But, Agent1 or Agent2 don't see any record.
Reference links
Webex Cloud-Connected UC Directory Service support for Unified CM