January 20, 2023 |
118174 view(s) |
390 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Schedule a meeting using @webex or @meet
When you're scheduling a meeting in your work calendar, you can add a keyword to create a Personal Room meeting or a meeting associated with a space.
Before you begin
Your administrator needs to set up your account with the Hybrid Calendar so you can schedule meetings this way.
1
Go to your work calendar app and schedule a meeting.
2
Add people to your invite or leave the attendees field blank to create a draft meeting or an upcoming appointment.
3
In the meeting location field, enter one of the following:
@webex:onetime—Creates a one-time Webex meeting.
@webex, @webex:myroom or @meet:myroom—Creates a Personal Room meeting.
@meet, @webex:space or @meet:space—Creates a meeting associated with a space and automatically creates a new space in Webex App using the meeting subject as the space name.
To schedule a new meeting associated with a space or a recurring meeting for an existing Webex App space, see Schedule a Meeting from a Space .

  If you add more than one keyword, only the first (leftmost) keyword is used. Additional keywords are ignored.

  Your administrator can change the default behavior for @webex and @meet for your organization. For example, your administrator can customize the keywords so that @webex creates a meeting associated with a space and a new space, and @meet creates a Personal Room meeting. However, regardless of any administrator configuration, adding :myroom to either keyword will always create a Personal Room meeting and adding :space to either keyword will always create a meeting associated with a space and a new space.
4
To make it easier for people to join from a Webex room or desk device, add the device as a room resource so that a Join button appears on the device before the meeting starts:
On Windows, click Scheduling Assistant > Add Rooms and then select the device.
On Mac, click Scheduling > Add Room or click Room Finder > Add Room , and then select the device.
5
Set any other meeting options and then click Send .
What to do next
When you create a meeting associated with a space with no attendees, a space is created in Webex App. If you want to add attendees to the calendar appointment, you must also add the people to the Webex App space.