July 12, 2023 |
30057 view(s) |
124 people thought this was helpful
Webex Meetings Virtual Desktop Infrastructure release notes
Webex Meetings VDI Release Notes
Audio and video for meetings requires significant bandwidth, and can cause a bottleneck going through the data center. Cisco Webex Meetings Virtual Desktop Software provides an enhanced experience in virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) environments. The VDI software consists of the Webex Meetings app on the hosted virtual desktops (HVD) and the plugin on the thin clients. The software routes audio and video streams between the thin client and Webex Meetings cloud, without going through the HVD in the datacenter.
What's New
Downloads
Requirements
Limitations
Compatibility List
Caveats
Overview
Virtual Desktop Infrastructure
With VDI, instead of a traditional desktop, you have a thin client and a hosted virtual desktop.
A thin client is a typically less costly and less powerful device than a desktop computer. Your organization may even use older, less powerful PCs as thin clients. Your hosted virtual desktop resides in a central server location called a data center. Your hosted virtual desktop includes your
Microsoft Windows desktop
Applications (such as Webex)
Data
Using your thin client, you access your hosted virtual desktop over a secure Citrix or VMware connection.
Webex works with VDI. However, sending the additional data that audio and video calls require, through the hosted virtual desktops, causes communications delays. This limitation is called the "hairpin" effect.
Download
You can download the Webex Meetings Virtual Desktop Software from your company website.
To download the webexvdi.msi plugin package, go to https://<sitename>.webex.com/webappng/sites/<sitename>/dashboard/download and replace <sitename> with your company name.
Administrators
See the Administration Guide for more information about supported features, and how to deploy the Webex Meetings Virtual Desktop Software solution.
For information about VMware installation, please visit: https://docs.vmware.com/
For information about Citrix installation, please visit: https://support.citrix.com/
What's New 42.7
What's New 42.7
Quarterly release and N-7 support of VDI plugin
Meetings VDI updates now happen quarterly. Every four months there is a new update for the VDI plugin, which is aligned with slow channel (4x.2, 4x.6, 4x.10). Each plugin supports eight higher versions of the Meetings app. For example, 42.6 VDI plugin is compatible with 42.6-43.1 Meetings app.
Meanwhile, the VDI plugin is compatible with the previous slow channel version. For example, 42.10 VDI plugin also supports 42.6 Meetings app.
Build Number
Release
Build Number
Cisco Webex Meetings Desktop App Release 42.7
42.7.0.x
Cisco Webex Meetings Virtual Desktop Plug-in Release 42.7
42.7.0.x
What's New 42.2
What's New 42.1