May 05, 2023 |
20790 view(s) |
91 people thought this was helpful
Wireless Guest Share
As a guest, you can share wirelessly to any Webex registered Board, Desk, and Room series device from your browser.
Guest share from share.webex.com allows you to share content wirelessly to any Webex registered Cisco device. You don’t need to download the Webex App or sign-up to a Webex account, so it's a great way to collaborate with your colleagues.
Wireless guest share is available in calls in Webex meetings for cloud and cloud-aware (with Webex optimized experience enabled). SIP calls and calls made using a third-party are not supported. It is not available in calls for devices in personal mode.
As you use Guest share, note the following:
You can’t start a share when someone else is sharing.
Audio plays through your laptop but not through the display screen.
Video streams at 1080p at 10 frames per second or 720p at 30 frames per second. Select Optimize for motion and video to ensure the best possible experience when sharing video.
Guest share works on the latest versions of Firefox and Chrome on Windows, Mac OS, and Linux.
Closing the browser or the tab where share.webex.com is open stops the share.
With RoomOS 11, you need to set up the following configuration by accessing the web interface of the device. Read the Advanced Settings article for more information on how to access it.
First, select Settings from the menu on the left. Under Configurations, choose the following:
Proximity > Services > ContentShare > FromClients: Enabled. This allows for the 9-digits code to be enabled on the device.
Room series and Board series
Desk series
Room USB
Webex Share
1
Select the Share button on the touch controller or the board's home screen to find the guest share code.
2
Go to share.webex.com and enter the 9-digit guest share code and click Next. Then enter the 4-digit share PIN and click Connect.
The share PIN appears on your device screen.
3
Click Share Screen and select if you want to share the entire screen, an application, or a Chrome tab.

  If you're going to share video content, select Optimize for Video for a higher frame-rate and lower resolution. This gives a more fluid video sharing experience.
4
To stop sharing, click Stop Sharing from your browser or tap Share > Stop Sharing on your device UI.