June 14, 2023 |
12528 view(s) |
52 people thought this was helpful
Customize the registration form for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
As a meeting or webinar host, you can customize the attendee registration form to choose which information to collect from attendees. When customizing the form, you can choose which standard options you want to appear on the form, and you can also create custom options.
1
Sign in to your Webex site, then click the Schedule drop-down list.
2
Choose Schedule a meeting or Schedule a webinar, then select Advanced options.
3
Under Registration, select Required. For more information, see Require your attendees to register for a meeting or webinar.
4
Click Customize registration form.
5
Click + next to each standard question you want to add to your registration form. To add all of the standard questions, click Add all.

  Name and Email address are required.
6
To add a customized question, click +Add a customized question.
Select the format of the answer:
Single line text box⁠—The registrant can type a brief, one-line freeform text answer, up to a maximum of 140 characters. For example, Address.
Radio buttons⁠—The registrant can select only one answer in a list of two or more options that are mutually exclusive. For example, Do you want to receive a post-meeting survey? with the answers as radio buttons Yes or No.
Checkbox⁠—Allows the registrant to select multiple answers to a question; for example, Check the product areas you’d like to learn more about during the event. Each check box is independent of all other checkboxes in the list, so checking one box doesn't uncheck the others.
Dropdown List⁠—The registrant can choose only one answer from the list. For example, What is your country of residence?
Multi-line text box⁠—The registrant can type a longer, freeform text answer. For example, What are you hoping to get out of this event?

  You can add up to 999 customized questions.
7
Type your question in the Question field.

  Use HTML to style your question with formatting options like bold text, hyperlinks, or buttons. Click HTML format to see the available HTML options.
8
Enter the maximum number of characters for the answer. The default is 140.
9
If you want the question to be required, check the Set as required check box, then click Add.
10
(Optional) Select Preview form if you want to view the form before saving.
11
Select Save.
If you uncheck the Require attendee registration check box after one or more attendees have registered for the meeting or webinar, all registrations are deleted. If you check the Require attendee registration check box again, the registration form defaults to the standard registration form with the attendee’s name and email address.