April 24, 2023 |
16798 view(s) |
25 people thought this was helpful
Connecting a touch controller to Boards and Room Series devices
You can connect a touch controller by direct connection or across the network (LAN).
The following touch controllers can be connected to Cisco collaboration devices:
Room Navigator: Board S, Board Pro, and Room Series
Touch 10:
Board and Board S Series
MX Series
Room Kit, Room Kit Mini, Room Kit Plus, Room Kit Pro, Room 55, Room 55 Dual, Room 70, Room 70 G2, Room 70 Panorama, and Room Panorama
SX Series
Connecting directly
You can connect the touch controller directly to a port on many video devices. Check the Installation guide for your device to see if it's supported.
Once connected, your touch controller will check if a software upgrade is necessary. If so, new software will be downloaded from the video device and installed on the touch controller. The touch controller will restart after the upgrade.
You can then complete the setup by following the instructions on the touch controller.
Connecting over the network
Connecting the touch controller to a video device over the network can be necessary when direct connection is not possible or when the Ethernet cable isn't long enough to reach the video device.

The touch controller is powered over the Ethernet. If your network infrastructure provides Power over Ethernet (PoE), you don’t need a midspan PoE injector. You can connect the touch controller directly to a wall socket or Ethernet switch with a PoE-rated Ethernet cable. For safety, the PoE source must be in the same building as the touch controller.
1
Connect the touch controller to a network wall socket or a network switch on the same subnet as the video device.
2
On the touch controller, when the "Select a device" screen appears, select the video device that you want to connect to.
If you don't find the video device in the list, enter the IP address of the video device into the input field and tap Connect.

  For a video device to show up in the list of available devices:
The video device and touch controller must be on the same subnet.
The video device must have been restarted within the last 10 minutes.
Once connected, the touch controller will check if a software upgrade is needed. If so, new software is downloaded from the video device and installed on the touch controller automatically. The touch controller will restart after the upgrade.
3
When the "Pair to device" screen appears, select how to pair.
Select from these options:
Username/Passphrase
PIN pairing – This is available to video devices running RoomOS 10.8 and later. Ask the Administrator for a PIN or generate the PIN yourself, as described under "Generating a PIN".
4
Enter user credentials or PIN and tap next.

  If you enter the wrong PIN three times in a row, you will need to request a new PIN.
Generating a PIN in Control Hub
Generate a PIN to use when pairing a touch controller to a video device over the network.

PIN pairing is available to video devices running RoomOS 10.8 and later.
1
Go to Workspaces and select the workspace containing the video device that you are connecting the touch controller to.
2
In the Devices card, click Pair Device.

  The Pair Device button is only visible on workspaces that contain at least one video device that supports PIN pairing.
3
Choose how you want to communicate the PIN.
Display the PIN on Control Hub (valid for 24 hours).
Display the PIN on the main screen of the video device (visible for 1 hour).
4
Click Pair Device.
The PIN will be displayed.
The video device will allow for any touch controller on the network to connect if it has the correct PIN. Once the first touch controller is connected, a new PIN must be generated to pair a second one.

  After three incorrect attempts to enter the PIN, a new PIN must be generated.
Unpair from a Board or Room device
To unpair a remotely connected touch controller, go to the Settings menu on the controller. Select Unpair touch controller and confirm by tapping Unpair.
Troubleshooting a touch controller connected over the network
Video device has a new IP address
If your video device gets a new IP address, a touch controller connected over the network may lose the connection. If this happens, you should see a notice about a missing touch controller on the screen. To reconnect, enter the new IP address on the touch controller.