January 20, 2023 |
297201 view(s) |
9963 people thought this was helpful
Choose your audio and video settings before you join a meeting or webinar
Before you join a meeting, webinar, or event, the preview window allows you to choose your audio and video and make sure everything looks good. Choose how you want to connect to the audio, mute or unmute your microphone, and turn your video on or off before you join a meeting or webinar.
Desktop
Mobile
Web
To adjust audio settings and preferences in a meeting or webinar, see Select audio settings for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars.
1
Click Audio options and choose how you want to hear the audio in the meeting.
Computer audio—Use your computer with a headset or speakers.
Choose what speaker and microphone you want to use.
Click Test to test your speaker and microphone
Call me—Enter or select the phone number that you'd like the meeting to call.
Check Connect to audio without pressing 1 to connect to the meeting audio immediately after you answer the call.
Call in—Dial in from your phone when the meeting starts. A list of global call-in numbers appears after you join the meeting. Make a note of the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. You'll need to enter these numbers to join the meeting.

  Your attendee ID connects your name in the meeting to your audio. If you don’t enter your attendee ID, your audio appears as a call-in user in the Participants list, separate from your name.
Select one of the available numbers to join the meeting and when prompted, enter the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. If you don't have your attendee ID, press # to wait in the lobby until someone in the meeting lets you in.
Don't connect to audio—You won't hear any audio in the meeting through your computer or phone. Use this option if you're in a meeting room with other participants and want to use your computer to share content in the meeting.
2
Choose to mute or unmute your audio before you join the meeting, webinar, or event, click Mute or, if you're joining the meeting from the app connected to a device, click Mute device.
Click Unmute (or if you're connected to a device, click Unmute device) when you want to speak.

  In some meetings, the host may not allow attendees to unmute. If you're prevented from unmuting, Unmute is locked until the host allows you to unmute.
For more information on muting and unmuting, see Mute or unmute in Webex Meetings Suite
3
Click Video options and choose from the following:
Camera—If you have more than one camera connected, you can choose which one to use in your meeting.
Choose from the options for your video background.
To learn more about virtual backgrounds, see Use virtual backgrounds in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars and Webex App | Use a virtual or blurred background in calls and meetings.
4
Choose to turn your video on or off. To join a meeting with your video turned off, click Stop video .
Click Start video when you want to show your video.