July 17, 2023 |
5840 view(s) |
39 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Call someone in your organization
If your organization has configured your Webex App account to let you call other people's phone numbers, you can call other people within your organization on their work numbers, mobile numbers or video addresses. Calling people like this gives you access to advanced calling features beyond just calling someone in the app.
Desktop
iPhone and iPad
Android
You can make a call from many different places in Webex App. Just look for the Audio or Video call icons whenever you're sending a direct message, looking at a contact card, or entering a name or email address into the Search bar.
If you're set up with a phone service such as Unified CM, Webex Calling, or Calling hosted by a Service Provider, you also have access to a dial pad and can make a call from there. Just click and enter a person's name, email address, or video address (such as for a room device) in the dial pad.
Choose whether you want to make it an Audio or Video call and then select the person's Work number, Mobile number or Video Address.

  If you have multiple phone lines (Unified CM only), you can change the active line for calling.
After your call connects, you get slightly different options depending on whether you choose someone's work number, mobile number or video address.
If you've called their work number or video address as a video call, you can turn the video on and off and, if available, share your screen.
But, if you've chosen someone's mobile number, the call goes through like a regular audio-only phone call, which means you can't turn the video on or share your screen.
With either work numbers, mobile numbers or video address, you can click to get access to advanced calling features. You can put your call on hold or transfer the person to someone else. With some configurations, you can also merge calls or start a conference call.

  If your administrator has enabled call security for your organization, you'll see at the top right of your calling window, letting you know that the call is secure.