March 23, 2023 |
455 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Do Not Disturb Synchronization in UCM Calling
In this article
Integrated experience for UCM calling users by synchronizing Do Not Disturb Status between Webex app and Desk phone.
Overview
When you need time to focus and do not want any incoming call notifications to disturb you, now you do not have to enable Do Not Disturb (DND) on each of your UCM Calling registered clients separately. When you enable it on the Webex app, the state is automatically synchronized to your desk phone. Similarly, when you enable it on your desk phone, the state is automatically synchronized to your Webex apps.
Pre-Requisite
Configure Phone Presence applications On-Premises.
Sync up Unified CM with Control Hub UI.
Map Unified CM to Webex Common Identity (CI).
Subscribe to Cloud-Connected UC, and Connect the On-Prem devices to Cloud-Connected UC.

If you have not subscribed to CCUC, see Set Up Webex Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
Steps to Enable Do Not Disturb
Enable Do Not Disturb in Cloud Connected UC.
1
From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services > Connected UC. In the UC Management card, click Inventory
The list of cluster groups with the description, status, clusters, and nodes appear.
2
Click Details next to the cluster group to which the node belongs.
The Inventory page with the list of clusters appears.
3
Click Details next to the cluster to which the node belongs.
The Node name with the version, product, and status appears.
4
Click the ellipsis ... icon next to Event History and choose Service Management.
The Service Management page appears with the list of services, such as Analytics, Certificate Management, Operational Metrics, Borderless CTI, and Deployment Insights.
5
Use the toggle button to enable Phone Presence, and follow the on-screen instructions to enable it.

  When a cluster provisions, the synchronization of Unified CM with the CCUC begin to get the phone presence request configured for the cluster.

  For multiple devices, the DND synchronization is across all the devices.
6
To disable DND synchronization, Go to Calling > Client Settings, Use the toggle button in the Do Not Disturb (DND) status Sync.

  When you enable DND in the desk phone and it is synchronized to the Webex App, it disables both call and message notifications. If you do not want to disable the message notifications, the admin can disable DND synchronization.
Supported Versions and Phone Types
This feature supports on Unified CM version-12.5 SU7.
Webex App on Desktop (Windows and MAC) and Webex App on Mobile (iOS and Andriod) latest version.
Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series, Cisco IP Phone 7800 Series, Webex Desk Series (DX), and Desk Pro are the list of phone type supported.