May 24, 2023 |
32610 view(s) |
83 people thought this was helpful
Generate host reports for meetings and webinars
Collect details about meetings and webinars you hosted, cohosted, or scheduled for someone else in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars from your Webex site.
The following reports available for meetings and webinars include information about recording and attendance. For webinars, reports can also show activity, such as survey results and, for recorded webinars, chat, and polling. Webinar cohosts can access and download the same reports as the host.

  Cohosts can only view reports if they have the cohost role when the webinar ends. Cohosts who didn’t join the webinar or whose role changes to attendee or panelist during the webinar can’t access these reports.
Recording—If you recorded your meeting or webinar, the recording appears here. For more information, see Play a Webex recording.
Attendance
Attendance report—Select Attendance and click Export attendance report.
The report downloads as a CSV file. The attendance report lists details such as name and duration of the meeting or webinar, attendee name, attendee email address, how the attendee joined, what times the attendee joined and left your meeting or webinar, and the source ID.

  The source ID details are available for webinars only.
Registration Report—Select Registration and click Export registration report.
The report downloads as a CSV file. This report lists details such as registrant name, email address, registration approval status, and date and time of registration.
The report downloads as a CSV file. This report lists details such as registrant name, email address, registration approval status, date and time of registration, and source ID.
You can only generate registration reports for webinars that you hosted on your site.
Activity—Activity reports are listed here. You can generate activity reports for webinars only. They can include the following details:
Webinar summary report—A list of webinars that you hosted in a specified date range. This list includes the following:
Webinar topic
Webinar ID
Webinar type
Host name
Host email address
Number of registered attendees
Number of attendees who join the webinar
Number of absent attendees
Date and time of the webinar
Duration of the webinar
Attendee history report—A list of webinars an attendee joined on your site.
Report download history—A download history of reports generated for your webinars.
Q&A, chat, and polling report for webinars—Q&A, chat, and polling activity for completed webinars. If you use Slido for Q&A or polling, you can find that information in Slido's report.

  This report is only available for recorded webinars.
Survey—If you conducted a post-webinar survey, you can download the results here in .csv format.
1
Sign in to your Webex site, then click Calendar > Completed.

  To see the meetings that you scheduled for another host, select Where I am a delegate from the drop-down list. You only see meetings scheduled after you became a delegate for that host.
2
Select your meeting or webinar.
3
Select the type of report you want—Recording, Registration (if registration was required), Attendance, or Activity.
4
Click Download report.