August 02, 2023 |
48109 view(s) |
255 people thought this was helpful
Webex Device Connector
Learn how to use Webex Device Connector to automate device-related tasks in your Control Hub-managed organization. Onboard Webex devices to the cloud and provide cloud features to on-premises registered devices. You can also synchronize your Unified CM configuration (such as dial plan, directory number, and extension) to Webex devices for Hybrid Calling.
Features
Requirements
Install
Troubleshoot
After you sign in, the splash screen on the Device Connector presents the following device management options:
I want to register multiple devices to the cloud—Use a simple CSV file to bulk register Webex devices to the cloud in one step. See Cloud Onboarding for Devices for more information.
I want cloud features for my on-premises registered device—With Webex Edge for devices, get access to Webex cloud capabilities, and keep your calling and media on-premises. See Webex Edge for Devices for more information.
I want to add on-premises calling to my cloud registered devices—This service provides Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) on-premises calling capabilities to Webex cloud-registered devices. See the Deployment Guide for Hybrid Calling for Webex Devices at https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-call-webex-devices for more information.
Device Connector also provides the following features:
Upgrade notices within the software interface—When a new version of the software is available, Device Connector provides a notification, so you can manually upgrade right away. We recommend that you always upgrade to the latest version.
Proxy support—You can connect to a basic auth proxy or TLS intercepting proxy directly by entering the required information in the Device Connector.
FedRAMP (Webex for Government) support—From the settings menu, you can configure the Device Connector to point to the FedRAMP Webex cloud instead of the standard Webex cloud.
Report an issue—Use the software to submit feedback and automatically upload logs to the cloud.