January 20, 2023 |
4642 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Assign administrator roles in Partner Hub
This article describes how to assign administration roles in partner organizations. Assign specific partner administrator roles to define responsibilities in who manages the partner organization and different customer organizations.
Overview
Partner management roles are only available to you when you are managing Webex organizations for your customers. When you sign in to https://admin.webex.com, you see a list of your customer organizations. This means you're signed in to Partner Hub, and you have a customer management role in a partner organization.
If you don't see a list of customers when you sign in to https://admin.webex.com, then your Webex account doesn't have a partner role. You're signed in to Control Hub as an administrator in your own Webex organization. If you're looking for information about administrator roles in Control Hub, then this article is more relevant to you.
Customer management roles
The following customer management roles can be assigned to users in the partner organization. These roles provide access to manage settings in Partner Hub or Control Hub for customer organizations that the partner manages.
Partner full administrator—Can manage settings for all customers that the partner manages. Can also assign admin roles to existing users in the organization and assign specific customers to be managed by partner admins.
Partner administrator—Can manage settings for customers that the administrator provisioned or who have been assigned to the user.
Partner read-only administrator—Can view settings for all customers that the partner manages. Does not have edit access.
Help desk administrator (Basic)— Can access Help Desk view (from Partner Hub’s Troubleshooting page). Can conduct cross-organization searches of all customers under the partner for troubleshooting and support. This role provides temporary read access to customer organizations under the partner.
Help desk administrator (Advanced)—This role provides everything that the above Basic role provides, but also lets the administrator request full administrator access from a customer administrator in order to fix problems.
The following table displays access privileges that the above administrators have to manage settings in Partner Hub and Control Hub on behalf of customer organizations that the partner manages.
Partner full admin Partner admin Partner read-only admin Help desk admin (Basic) Help desk admin (Advanced)
Partner Hub settings
Assign admin roles ✔
Partner analytics and reporting ✔
Branding ✔
Company policy and templates ✔
Create customers ✔
Begin and manage Webex trials ✔ ✔
Customer organization settings
Customer list See all See partial (assigned customers) See all See all See all
Assign customer admin roles ✔ ✔
User management ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Device management ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Company policy and templates ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Analytics and reports ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Troubleshooting ✔ ✔ Read-only ✔ ✔
Licenses and upgrades ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Organization settings ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
App integrations ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Webex site management ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Admin actions audit log ✔ ✔ Read-only Read-only Temporary when approved
Access to user-generated content ✔ ✔
Legal hold
Access to join in-progress meetings ✔
Retrieve logs ✔ ✔

  The provisioning administrator role is implicitly granted to a partner admin or partner full admin as they launch into a customer’s Control Hub. Provisioning admins can provision Webex orders and have a limited view of the customer’s Control Hub. The customer full admin can always promote the partner admin from provisioning admin to full admin through external admins functionality.
Assign customer management roles
As a partner full administrator, you can assign any user in your organization the role of partner full administrator or partner administrator.
1
Sign in to Partner Hub at http://admin.webex.com.
2
Go to Administrators, and click New Administrators.
3
Enter the email of the user that you want to add as a partner administrator, and click Validate.
4
Select the appropriate roles and click OK.
Assign customers to a partner administrator
Partner administrators can only access customer organizations that you assigned them to manage.
1
From the partner view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Administrators and select an administrator.
2
Under Managing Customer Organizations, enter the customer's organization name or organization ID that you want the partner administrator to manage.
3
Click Add.