August 09, 2023 |
3365 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Configure to hide Webex App window for Microsoft Teams users
As an administrator of Webex Call integration with Microsoft Teams, you can configure to hide the Webex App window when users interact with the Webex Call integration with Microsoft Teams.
For organizations that have chosen to use the Webex Call integration with Microsoft Teams, the integration is the users' primary interface to Webex services. Once configured, the Webex App will still be installed and running on your users’ computers, but its window will be closed by default. Actions taken in the Webex Call integration may launch specific features in the Webex App, but, in general, the users don't need to interact with the Webex App.
Through Control Hub, you can configure to hide the Webex App window in the following levels:
Organization level
User-group level
User level
Configure to hide Webex App window for an organization
The settings configured at the organization level automatically apply to all users under the organization.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services in the left navigation bar and click Calling > Client Settings.
2
Go to Microsoft Teams integration section, toggle on Hide Webex windows.
Configure to hide Webex App window for a user-group
You can configure to hide the Webex App window for a user-group through a Calling template. You can create a template and assign to a user-group. The configuration in the template applies to all users in the group.
To create a new template to hide Webex App window:
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services in the left navigation bar and click Calling > Client Settings > Templates.
2
Click Create template.
3
In the General section, type the Template name and description.
4
In the Microsoft Teams integration section, toggle on Hide Webex windows.
5
Click Create template and next.
6
Search and select a group for this template in the search box.
7
Click Done.
To delete your template, click the template and choose Delete from the Actions drop-down list. In the Delete template page, check the check box informing you that deleting a template is permanent, and then click Delete.
To modify the template, click the template, modify the toggles and click Save.
To apply an existing template to a user-group:
Few pointers to consider when applying the Calling templates:
When a user is on boarded to an organization, the user inherits the settings from the organization-level.
If the user is added to a user-group, then the settings from the Calling template apply.
If a user belongs to multiple user-groups, then the template with the highest rank (Rank 1) takes the highest precedence and that template settings apply.
If the user has individual user settings, then these settings take precedence over user-group or organization-level settings.
See Configure settings templates for more information about managing your templates.
You can apply the existing template either from Group section or Calling section.
To apply template from Group section, see: Configure settings template.
To apply from the Calling section, perform the following steps:
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services in the left navigation bar and then click Calling > Client Settings > Templates.
2
Click the ⋮ icon next to an existing template and then click Apply template.
3
Type the group name to which you want to apply the template and then choose the group.
4
Click Done.
Configure to hide Webex App window for a user
The individual user settings value overrides the organization-level and user-group level settings.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Management in the left navigation bar and click Users.
2
Choose the user and then click Calling.
3
Go to User Call Experience and click Microsoft Teams Integration.
4
Toggle on Hide Webex windows.

  Once you've configured the settings for a user, perform further modifications on the user-level. User settings don't automatically return to the default setting of an organization.
Once you've configured, the users need to restart their Webex App, and sign in to view the change.

If users want to interact with the Webex App itself, they can access it from the system tray on Windows and the menu bar on Mac. The Webex App is visible only in the Windows taskbar or macOS dock when a window is active and in-use.
Webex App in Windows system tray
Webex App in Mac menu bar