June 13, 2023 |
126 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Workspace insights in Control Hub
Get an overview of all your workspaces within your organization, know the state-of-affairs, and make data-driven decisions about your workplace resources.
In workspace insights, you can see how your organization is set up for collaboration. Starting with a snapshot of your workspace inventory, you can know how many different types of workspaces there are. Inventory shows you how all workspaces are setup and Utilization let's you know what are the most popular devices in your workspaces.


Inventory
Type of workspace defines what it’s suitable for:
Open space
Meeting room
Huddle
Focus
Desk
Capacity sets the number of people the workspace can fit. Max capacity is the maximum number of people who are allowed in the workspace.
Location helps identify where the workspace is located. View locations with the most workspaces in them.
Scheduling used in workspaces:
Without scheduling
Calendar (Microsoft Exchange/Office 365, Google)
Hot-desking
Calling services used in workspaces:
None
BroadWorks
Call on Webex (1:1 call, non-PSTN)
Webex Calling
Hybrid Calling
On-premises Calling
Third-party SIP Calling
Colorful indicators
Green indicates that you have all your metadata that is filled out for that data point. Yellow indicates that there are some workspaces with missing fields populates (above 50% but below 100%). Red indicates less than 50% of your metadata is complete and you have some work to do to get your Inventory into a “healthy” state.
Filter Insights by Location and workspace Type to drill down.



Hover over the graphs to get a more detailed view.


If you have workspaces without Type, Capacity, or Location set, you can configure them individually or in the Workspaces’ bulk settings’ menu.
Read more about Locations here.
Utilization
Discover how workspaces are used by your organization, identify scheduling behavior, and uncover which workspaces are the most (and least) popular. The information depends on whether the workspaces have calendaring, hot-desking, or people presence enabled.
Workspaces in use
The usage data is collected from people presence the devices report back if it has been enabled.



Hover over the graphs to get a more detailed view.
Most and least popular workspaces
In this section you can see which workspaces are most and least used. It shows data based on the people presence sensors from devices which have it enabled.


Scheduling behavior
The graph shows the scheduling that the devices report back for the last 24 hours. It only shows data from devices that have been scheduled during that time period, either through calendar bookings or hot-desking.
You can toggle between the overview of bookings and hot-desking, and the most and least popular workspaces to book.