October 20, 2022 |
1812 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Delete Webex Meetings host and usage information of users in Control Hub
Does a user want to exercise their privacy rights? Did an employee leave your company? As a full administrator, you can delete users’ Webex Meetings host and usage information in Control Hub.
Overview
Whenever users join a Webex Meeting, personal data relating to their meeting is collected and stored in Cisco's data centers as metadata, including host and usage information. To see what user data is collected as Meetings host and usage information, see the Webex Meetings privacy data sheet.
Prerequisites
You must be a full administrator of the organization, which must be either an enterprise or online paid subscription of Webex Meetings, to delete a user’s Meetings host and usage information.
For meeting participants, Webex Meetings host and usage information deletion is performed at the user level, not at the meetings level. If a user requests their meetings data to be deleted, only their host and usage information will be deleted by this feature. Other data of the user, such as user information or user-generated information, won't be affected. Separate deletion actions must be taken to delete user Information and user-generated information.
If users attend external meetings and want their host and usage information deleted from external organizations, then they'll need to ask a full administrator of the external organization to delete their host and usage information related to those meetings.
This feature isn't available for external meeting attendees who aren't registered Webex Meetings users and who don't have a Webex Meetings account.
The following table describes what type of user can ask a full administrator to delete their Meetings host and usage information.
Type of users asking to delete host and usage information Meetings host type Who can delete Meetings host and usage information?
Internal attendees and hosts
Enterprise customer
Online paid subscription
Full administrators of the organization that the user's in.
Attendees of external meetings with a Webex account
Enterprise customer
Online paid subscription
Full administrators of the external organization.
Attendees of external meetings without a Webex account
Enterprise customer
Online paid subscription
Not supported
Any user
Online free account holders
Not supported as Webex Meetings doesn't store host and usage information for these types of meetings.
Where does Webex Meetings host and usage information appear?
Meetings host and usage information appear in:
Control Hub Meetings Analytics and Webex Meetings reports.
Cisco's internal reporting tools for billing and customer support purposes.
Advanced diagnostics and troubleshooting tools.
Host Insights reports when hosts sign in to their Webex site on a browser.
Webex Meetings host and usage information that are deleted in Control Hub
If the user requesting the deletion is the meeting host, every meeting record of that host will be deleted, including the host and usage information of each meeting attendee in those meetings.
If the user is a meeting attendee, only the requesting user’s Meetings host and usage information will be deleted from the meeting records of the meeting host.
Meeting co-hosts are considered meeting attendees because only the meeting host who scheduled the meeting is considered the host for purposes of this tool.
Aggregated anonymized data will not be deleted by this tool.
Delete Meetings host and usage information
View existing Meetings host and usage information deletions
Frequently asked questions