January 20, 2023 |
101560 view(s) |
116 people thought this was helpful
Interact during Webex meetings from a mobile device
Here are a list of tasks and links you can use to familiarize yourself with using the Meetings app to make your experience better than ever.
iOS
Android
Mute and unmute participants
You have different muting and unmuting options depending on your role in the meeting. For more info on muting and unmuting during a meeting from your iOS device, see Mute or unmute in Webex Meetings from a mobile device.
Change your audio connection options
1
Tap More > Change audio connection.
2
Choose one of the following options:
Use Internet for audio—Use your 3G or 4G data plan unless you're on a Wi-Fi connection. When you join an audio conference that's using Webex Audio or VoIP only, you use wide-band audio.

  If a participant who doesn't have wide-band audio joins a meeting that's using wide-band audio, audio for everyone is downgraded. Webex Meetings gives no warning message before the downgrade.
Call me—Enter your phone number to have the meeting call you.

  If you enabled Auto call me in your app's settings, you receive calls automatically.
Call in—Enter the call-in number that appears. Tap Global call-in numbers to view a list of call-in numbers from other regions.
Don't connect audio—Leave the audio conference.
Change your video connection options
During the meeting, if you turn on your video, a green dot is displayed .
1
While in a call or meeting, tap Video > Swap camera to choose to user your device's front or back camera.
2
To turn your video off, tap Video, then tap Stop my video to turn your video off.

  There is a wider button with text present in the iPad, to start or stop the video.
Change your video background
During a meeting, you can blur your background or set a virtual background so that meeting participants can stay focused on you. When you change your background, you remain in focus while your surroundings are altered.
For more information about virtual backgrounds, see Use a virtual background in the Webex Meetings suite.
Search for participants
To search for participants, tap Participants, and in the search bar, enter the name of the participant who you want to find.
Send chat messages
1
To send a private chat message, tap Participants and then tap your message recipient.
2
Tap Chat, enter your message, and tap Send.
3
To send a message to all participants, tap Chat.

  The recipient is set to everyone by default.
4
Enter your message and tap Send.
5
Tap Back to close the chat window.
Change participant roles
1
To change someone's role in a meeting, tap Participants, and then tap the participant who you want to change the role for.
2
Tap Make Presenter, Make Host, or Make Cohost.

  If you enable Anyone Can Share when scheduling the meeting, participants can share content at any time. As a host of a scheduled Webex meeting, you can turn off Anyone Can Share to enable only the presenter to share content during meetings.
Change participants' displayed names
As a host, you can change the displayed names for call-in users.
1
Tap Participants and then tap the participant who you want to change the name for.
2
Tap Change Name and then edit their name for better identification.

  If you change a participant's name, the change is reflected for all participants in the meeting.
Invite more attendees
1
Tap Participants and then tap Invite.
2
Type the email addresses for attendees who you want to invite, or tap Contacts to add attendees from your contacts on your device.
3
When finished, tap Send.
Share and annotate content
For information on sharing content during a meeting from your iOS device, see Share and annotate content during a Webex Meeting on your iOS device.
Record a meeting
As a host or cohost, you can record meetings from your mobile device to the cloud. When the meeting that you record ends, you receive an email notification about accessing the recording. You can also access your recordings from the Recordings page in the mobile app.

  Edit recording names by going to the Recordings page, tapping More, and then tapping Edit Name.
Enable and disable audio-only mode
In Audio-only mode, you remain connected to the audio portion of a meeting and can't send or receive video. This way, you can save the battery life of your device, and yourself from distractions during the meeting.
1
While connected to the audio portion of the meeting, tap More > Audio-Only Mode.
2
To disable Audio-only mode, either tap Back or swipe right.

  If you enable Audio-only mode while muted, you remain muted.
The app can also detect if the battery of your device will run out before an active meeting's scheduled end time, and offer to switch to Audio-only mode.
Use People Insights
See the following links for more information on using People Insights on your mobile device:
Create or edit your People Insights profile
View someone's People Insights profile during a meeting
Hide or show your People Insights profile in a meeting
Lock and unlock your Personal Room
Participants can't enter your Personal Room when you're not there. Once you enter your Personal Room, you control access for who can enter.
Tap More and then toggle Lock room on or off.

  When you lock your Personal Room and a participant enters the lobby, a red indicator appears above Participants.
Lock or unlock a scheduled meeting
As a host of a scheduled Webex meeting you can lock your meeting to control who can join your meeting. This feature is available for Meetings and Webex Training.
1
To lock your scheduled meeting, tap More > Lock Meeting.
2
To unlock your scheduled meeting, tap More > Unlock Meeting.
Manage your Personal Room lobby
If you lock your Personal Room, you and your cohosts receive a notification when participants try to join the meeting. If there's only one person waiting in the lobby, you can let them in or remove them from the notification. As more people wait in the lobby, the notification updates to tell you how many participants there are and you must manage the lobby from the Participants panel.
1
To see the attendees waiting in your Personal Room lobby, tap Participants, and then tap the notification.
2
Review the list of participants waiting to join and choose who to admit or remove based on the information next to their name:
Internal—Authenticated participant within the same Webex organization as the meeting host.
External—Authenticated participant outside the meeting host's Webex organization.
Unverified—An unauthenticated participant.

  The domain name displays for Internal and External participants.
3
Select the participants that you want to let in, and then tap Let in to allow them to join or Remove to prevent them from joining the meeting.
You can temporarily excuse someone from a meeting by selecting them from the Participants panel and tapping Move to Lobby.
Leave or end a meeting
Tap End or leave meeting and choose one of the following options:
Tap Leave meeting to leave the meeting.
If you're the host, tap Leave meeting or End meeting for all.

  If you're the host of a meeting and want to leave the meeting but let it continue, assign another participant host privileges first.
If you're the cohost of a meeting, you can leave or end the meeting. Meetings asks you to confirm if you want to end the meeting for everyone.