April 14, 2022 |
7979830 view(s) |
71850 people thought this was helpful
Join a Webex Meeting
You can join a meeting from your computer, mobile device, phone, or a video system. Choose the one that works best for you.
This article applies to version 41.6 and later sites.
We've made some changes to the options that are visible before you join a Webex meeting. If you have an earlier Webex version, these options may not be visible. Learn how to join meetings on earlier Webex versions.
Can't download? Here's how you can join right from your browser.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
Web
Phone only
1
Open your email invite, and click Join meeting. If you don't have a meeting invite, contact your meeting host.
If this is the first time you're joining a meeting, Webex automatically downloads the app. Click the installer file to install the app and follow the instructions.
If you're joining from a Linux computer or Chromebook, you aren't prompted to install anything. The meeting simply opens in your browser.
2
Click Open Webex if you're prompted to do so, otherwise click Launch meeting.
3
Enter your name as you want it to appear in the meeting, check Remember me, and then click Sign in so you can access the full list of meeting features.
Or if you just want to join the meeting quickly and don't need access to all the meetings features, click Join as a guest.
4
Enter your email address, check Remember me, and then click Next.
5
Enter the meeting password that's in your email invitation and then click Continue.
6
In the preview window, you can make sure your audio and video sound and look good before you join the meeting. First, choose how you want to hear.
Use computer audio (default)—Use your computer with a headset or speakers.
Call me—Enter a phone number and Webex calls you. Depending on your host's Webex plan, you may or may not see this option.
Call in—If you prefer to use your phone for audio, dial in when the meeting starts. A list of global call-in numbers appears after you join the meeting. Make a note of the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. You'll need to enter these numbers to join the meeting.
Select one of the available numbers to join the meeting and when prompted, enter the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. If you don't have your attendee ID, press # to wait in the lobby until someone in the meeting lets you in.

  Your attendee ID connects your name in the meeting to your audio. If you don’t enter your attendee ID, your audio connection appears as a call-in user in the Participants list, separate from your name, and you can’t control audio from the application.
Don't connect to audio—Use this option if you don't need audio. For example, you're in a conference room with your team, or someone already connected to the meeting from a video device.
7
Click if you want to say hi to everyone when you join.
8
Click if you want to be seen when you join.
To connect to a compatible video device, click Use video system.
9
Click Join Meeting.






Related resources
Frequently asked questions
Do I need a Webex account to join a meeting?
How do I join using a meeting number?
Why is there no audio?
Can I test my audio and video before the meeting?
How do I download the app?
How do I set up a meeting?
Why can't I record?