July 20, 2023 |
42781 view(s) |
53 people thought this was helpful
Users list in Control Hub
Manage your users by modifying service licenses, taking relevant actions based on their statuses, and filtering the list by specific administrator roles, account types, or Webex sites.
Filter users
You can filter the list to focus on the types of users that you want to manage, such as by administrators or by users that are in a Webex Meetings site.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, then go to Users.
2
Click Filter.
3
Select the filters that you want to apply to the list. You can filter by:
Administrators—Filters the list based on the administrator roles assigned to users.
Webex sites—Filters the list by the Webex site users are a part of. This filter only applies to Control Hub managed sites and doesn't include linked sites. When you select this filter, an Account type column is added to the list to show if users have these accounts:
Host—User has a Webex Meetings license assigned to them.
Attendee—User can only join meetings, not host them.
Admin only—User has a Webex Site Administrator role.
If users have accounts or an administrator role on multiple sites, then the Webex site column will show ... for additional sites, and Account type can show as host, attendee, and admin only.

  Select multiple Webex sites to show every account type that users have in general, and not for a specific Webex site. To see what specific account type users have for a Webex site, we recommended filtering by a single Webex site.

  The list automatically updates based on the filters that you select. Click Reset to remove all of the filters at once.
User status details
The Status column tells you if there are users in your organization who are inactive or haven't been verified. Use this information to decide what action to take on a specific user account, such as resending the verification email or removing a user from your organization.
Service licenses are assigned to users, regardless of their status. For example, an inactive user still uses a license. You can remove licenses from a user if they don't need the services anymore.
User statuses can be one of the following:
Active—This is the ideal state for users to be in during normal use. The user is part of the organization (either linked from Site Administration or created by a Webex admin in Control Hub) and is using or ready to use their collaboration services. No further administrative action is required.
Verified—The user's email address is verified, but they haven't signed in. Their status changes to Active when they sign in.
Not Verified—The user hasn't verified their email address. You can resend another verification email to the user.
Pending—The user hasn't accepted a cross-org license that's been assigned to them. Their status changes to Active when they accept the invitation and sign in to the Webex site.
Inactive—The user has been deactivated and can no longer access Webex services.
Actions column details
You can make changes to a user's status in the Actions column.

  If you use Cisco Directory Connector for user synchronization, you can resend invitations to users in Control Hub, but you can't reactivate, deactivate, or delete users. You must perform those actions in Active Directory and then resync the changes to Control Hub.
Depending on the status, the actions that you can take are:
Resend Invitation—Resends the verification email to users.
Reactivate User—Reactivates users to their previous status.
Deactivate User—Deactivates users and changes their status to Inactive.
Delete User—Deletes users from your organization.
Manage user statuses
You can manage user statuses in the Actions column in Control Hub.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, then go to Users.
2
Click the icon next to a user.
3
Select the action you want to perform.
Manage inactive users
By default, Control Hub deletes inactive users 30 days after deactivation. You can customize the number of days that an inactive user remains in the organization before their account is deleted.

  Different deletion rules apply to Active Directory users synchronized into Webex:
When Active Directory synchronizes with Webex, any deleted users become Inactive. Webex only holds these users in an Inactive state for 7 days before deletion. You can choose to delete them before the 7 day period expires, which immediately frees up their user license.
Any deactivated users in Active Directory become Inactive and are indefinitely held in Inactive state in Webex.
Webex retains user data even if the user status is Inactive. If you reactivate an Inactive user, they can find their old data (Spaces and Meetings), but only if that data is still within your retention period.
1
Sign into Control Hub, then go to Organization settings.
2
Scroll down to Manage inactive user.
3
Enter a number between 30 and 90 in the delete inactive user field.
Your changes save automatically.