August 02, 2023 |
80156 view(s) |
1049 people thought this was helpful
Play a Webex recording
Hosts can download and play back their recordings for Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, and Webex Training. Hosts can also share the link for each of their recordings. If you missed a meeting, webinar, or training session, ask the host for a link to the recording. Recordings are also great for future reference. Even if you weren't originally invited, the host can still provide you with a link to their recording.
Depending on file size and bandwidth, it can take up to 24 hours for a recording to be ready.
Depending on your organization settings, Webex displays a disclaimer each time that you download or play a recording. Accept the terms of the disclaimer to continue.
1
Depending on your role, do one of the following:
If you're the host—sign in to User Hub, go to the Recordings, and then locate and click the recording that you want to play.
If you're an invitee or attendee—select the link in the email sent to you by the host or paste the URL that the host provides into your web browser.
If you're the host If you're an invitee or attendee
Go to Recordings and then click the recording that you want to play.
Select the link in the email sent to you by the host.
OR
Paste the URL that the host provides into your web browser.
2
When the player appears, select Play.
3
Use the 10-second fast-forward button and 10-second rewind button to find the most important points of a meeting. If a disclaimer appears, select Accept to accept the terms and continue.
You can also choose to listen only to a certain speaker when playing back a recording.
4
If the host added chapters to the recording, select one to go directly to the time associated with the chapter.
5
(Optional) Show the panels during playback of an MP4 recording.
Panel To show, select
Transcript Transcript
Chapters Chapters
Participants Participants
Chat Chat
Polling Polling
Q & A Q & A
6
(Optional) Select Download to save the recording to your computer.
If a disclaimer appears, select Accept to accept the terms and continue.
Recording format