September 10, 2021 |
32650 view(s) |
13 people thought this was helpful
Deployment Guides for Webex Hybrid Services
This article contains links to all the deployment guides for Webex Hybrid Services. Use these guides for on-premises prerequisites, capacity planning, deployment steps (including installing the connector software), troubleshooting, known issues, and other useful information for each of the Hybrid Services.
Deployment Guide for Cisco Directory Connector
Simplify the administrative experience by automatically synchronizing Microsoft Active Directory users with Webex user management (creating, updating, deleting), so that users are always current in Webex.
To install Cisco Directory Connector and use it to synchronize your AD users into the cloud, see https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-services-directory.
Deployment Guide for Webex Hybrid Calling for Devices
You can use Hybrid Calling for Webex Devices to provide hybrid call functionality for Room, Desk, and Cisco Webex Board devices that are added to Workspaces in Control Hub. Webex devices are registered to the cloud, and when they are enabled with Hybrid Calling, they also connect to the enterprise. Webex devices in the Workspace become a part of your existing on-premises dial plan, allowing these devices to call user extensions or the PSTN, and receive incoming calls.
You can also add Hybrid Calling to Room, Desk, and Board devices that are associated with a user in personal mode. These devices don't need to be added to Workspaces. They appear in Control Hub under devices and are associated with users in your organization. They register to the cloud and share the same directory number that is tied to a user's Webex account if they're already enabled for Unified CM calling.
To deploy Webex Hybrid Call Service, see http://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-call-webex-devices.
Deployment Guide for Webex Hybrid Calendar Service
Integrate your Microsoft Exchange, Office 365, or Google Calendar with Webex capabilities. Hybrid Calendar Service makes it easier to schedule meetings, especially from a mobile device.
To deploy Webex Hybrid Calendar Service, see https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-services-calendar.
Deployment Guide for Webex Hybrid Data Security
From day one, data security has been the primary focus in designing the Webex platform. The cornerstone of this security is end-to-end content encryption, enabled by Webex clients interacting with the Key Management Service (KMS). The KMS is responsible for creating and managing the cryptographic keys that clients use to dynamically encrypt and decrypt messages and files.
By default, all Webex platform customers get end-to-end encryption with dynamic keys stored in the cloud KMS, Cisco's security realm. Hybrid Data Security moves the KMS and other security-related functions to your enterprise data center, so nobody but you holds the keys to your encrypted content.
To deploy Webex Hybrid Data Security, see https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-data-security.
Deployment Guide for Webex Hybrid Message Service
This service is ideal for organizations that have users on Cisco Webex Teams who need to exchange messages with users on Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM and Presence (Unified CM IM and Presence) Service. Hybrid Message Service enables exchange of 1-to-1 instant messages between Cisco Webex Teams client and Cisco Jabber client registered to Unified CM IM and Presence service. Hybrid Message Service enables Cisco Jabber users to see the presence status of Cisco Webex Teams users based on their Teams client activity.
To deploy Webex Hybrid Message Service, see http://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-services-message.
Deployment Guide for Webex Serviceability Connector
This offering increases the speed with which Cisco technical assistance staff can diagnose issues with your infrastructure. It automates the tasks of finding, retrieving and storing diagnostic logs and information into an SR case, and triggering analysis against diagnostic signatures so that TAC can more efficiently identify and resolve issues with your on-premises equipment.
This capability uses Serviceability Connector deployed on your premises. Serviceability Connector is a piece of software that resides on a dedicated Expressway in your network ('connector host'). It connects to Cisco Webex to receive requests to collect data, and uses the APIs of your on-premises equipment to collect the requested data. The requested data is securely uploaded to Cisco’s SR file store and attached to your SR case.
To deploy Webex Serviceability Connector, see https://www.cisco.com/go/serviceability.
Deployment Guide for Webex Video Mesh
Enjoy industry-leading media experiences by providing a local instance of the media processing for lower latency and Internet bandwidth savings.
The Webex Video Mesh node is software that is installed on a Cisco UCS server that registers and is managed by the Control Hub in https://admin.webex.com. It facilitates the routing of meetings to the local, on-net Webex Video Mesh node to join the participants together in a meeting. The Webex Video Mesh chooses the most efficient way to use the available resources, creating a better experience for users.
To deploy Webex Video Mesh, see http://www.cisco.com/go/video-mesh.