April 01, 2022 |
4708 view(s) |
33 people thought this was helpful
What's new in people insights profiles
We want to make sure that you know about the people insights profiles updates made available in Webex Meetings, Webex App, Webex Webinars, and Cisco Jabber. Features are listed by month with the latest month listed first.
February 2022
Added StandOut powered by ADP. Share your StandOut roles to learn about each other's strengths, providing for better working styles and a more productive working relationship.
March 2021
New customizable fields for pronouns, honorifics, and name pronunciations.
February 2021
Added a notification to remind users to make the most of their profile by editing it. This notification appears once a month until a user edits their profile.
November 2020
Support for additional directories, including Azure.
October 2020
Improved authored works coverage and matching, so that more people are matched to the articles and blogs they have written.
Removed directory sync requirement in Control Hub so that more people have access to the feature.
September 2020
People insights profiles were made available for enablement to all users globally in English, with the exception of Europe and China.
May 2020
General
Revamped look and feel for a seamless experience across Cisco products.
Updated Dark Mode styles for increased visibility.
Added a fixed header to access top-level navigation quickly.
Profile
Added an Edit Profile button when viewing your own profile.
Updated internal information to be distinguishable from public information.
Updated media items (News, Written by) with carousels for better navigation.
Company—Added stock performance, analyst consensus, revenue and profit, and employee headcount data.
April 2020
Financials are included in company profiles.
Profiles have been redesigned, including discoverability and user interface changes.
Feedback ticket submission has improved.
March 2020
Authored works: Patents can be added to your profile.
You can navigate within the reporting structure.
February 2020
Custom user location.
Additional directory sources (Azure and Okta EFT).
January 2020
More Person and Company news were added.
December 2019
External links are supported in the bio in your profile.
Direct reports show in the org chart.
Projects can be added to your profile.
Local weather and time zones were added.
November 2019
People Insights profiles supports Dark mode.
You can expand and collapse the org chart.
Missing company profiles were added.
October 2019
People can email you by clicking the email address in your profile.
September 2019
If your profile is linked to the wrong person, use the > Wrong Person option in your profile to report.
See how your profile looks to coworkers and the public by going to people.webex.com .
Hiding a profile no longer hides internal directory data.
August 2019
Accessibility improvements made to profiles.