August 25, 2021 |
2547 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Webex Experience
In this article
What is Webex Experience?
We measure the progress of your organization's configuration and adoption so we can report back to you on the quality of your Webex experience. We present you with service level data and insights, so you can act quickly to remediate challenges and improve the quality of your users' experience.
The feature provides elaborate insights about your organization configuration, adoption of the services you've purchased, and any performance bottlenecks. It identifies anomalies, or deviations from best practices in these three categories, and suggests reasons and resolutions. Webex experience has a simple score to help you understand the urgency and impact of these insights.
You need to be a full administrator to interact with Webex experience, but you can see the scores if you have read-only permissions.
If you are managing customer organizations, you need to be a sales-full-admin or partner-full-admin to interact with a customer's Webex experience, or a partner-read-only admin to see a customer's Webex experience page.
Updates to Webex Experience Public Preview
We are excited to announce a series of updates to the public beta of Webex Experience. We renamed Organization Health to Webex Experience to align with its purpose—to help you understand your organization's experience of Webex. We measure your progress against recommended setup, adoption, and performance practices to derive your overall Webex Experience score.
We've also listened to your feedback over several months of public beta, and have used your suggestions to improve Webex Experience as follows:
New insights
Enabling people insights for your users contributes to your Webex experience.
Assigning different administrator roles contributes to your Webex experience.
Adding phone numbers contributes to your Webex experience score.
We track the average meeting join time and show the trend over time. This insight is not scored.
Configuring your dial plan, default phone settings, and location specific routing all contribute to your score.
Scoring changes
We are trying to focus attention on the value of the insights, rather than a complex scoring system, so we changed to a qualitative scoring system. This shows how you are doing against your goals and the recommended practices.
We expect the new scoring and goal-setting framework to give you a better understanding of the insights and more control over how they are derived.
Setup actions are either Complete or Incomplete, while adoption metrics can be Excellent, Fair, or Needs Improvement.
To keep it simple, each insight contributes equally to the score. Your score jumps for every action you take.
Your overall progress is either:
Superb (you completed all actions and achieved all goals),
Excellent (you completed 70%),
Fair (50-70%), or
Needs Improvement (less than 50% actions taken or goals met).
Video and VoIP adoption goals
We made the video and VoIP adoption metrics goal-oriented, so they are more relevant to your own targets rather than our recommendation. You set your own video and VoIP goals, so you can measure your adoption towards those:
Figure 1. Setting a video adoption goal
Other updates
You can remove an insight if it's not relevant for your organization. When you remove an insight it does not count towards your score. You can put it back in later if you want.
If you have multiple meetings sites, you can select some or all of your sites to contribute towards your meetings insights.
Call to action
Webex Experience is still in beta, and we are still collecting feedback. During the public preview phase, you'll see a (Beta) Webex Experience card on the Overview page.
We encourage you to take advantage of Webex Experience, and leave feedback using the controls in the interface (below). Another option is to work with your account teams to provide detailed feedback to the product development team.
How to Improve Webex Experience
Before you begin
When you sign in to https://admin.webex.com, you have two ways to get into your Webex experience page:
On the Overview page, you'll see a card showing a summary of your Webex experience. Click Improve Experience to get into the detailed page.
Or you can click Webex Experience on the navigation panel.
1
Open the Webex Experience page.
There is a summary card at the top, and a card that shows the qualitative scores for your organization's Setup, Meetings, and Calling. Below the summary charts are tabs that show the insights/actions in these three categories.
2
Click Setup to see configuration actions that are contributing to your Webex Experience.
For each item in the list:
Action item is an insight or recommendation you can follow up to improve your experience. Each one has an impact and a description.
Click an Action item to open an information panel.
This panel gives more information and leads you to the next steps.
Remove any actions you do not intend to complete (hover over the action and click the (-) button).
You can show items you removed by clicking the button below the list. After that, you can put them back into your list by clicking the (+) button.
3
Click Meetings to see how meetings are contributing to your Webex experience:

  If your organization had no meetings within the last 90 days, then the Meetings tab won't be available.
If you have multiple sites, choose which sites contribute to the experience score.
Review the Meeting quality panel.
These charts show the trend over time of three important meeting metrics; Good video minutes (%), Good VoIP minutes (%), and Average join meeting time (s). They do not affect your score.
Review the Video utilization panel.
Here you can see what percentage of users are meeting your video adoption goal. Click Modify your goal to set the target percentage of video minutes you hope users will achieve.
Review the VoIP utilization panel.
Here you can see what percentage of users are meeting your VoIP adoption goal. Click Modify your goal to set the target percentage of VoIP minutes you hope users will achieve.
On each panel, you can click View action items to learn how you could encourage adoption.
4
Click Calling to see how calling is contributing to your Webex experience:
For each item in the list:
Action item is a calling insight you can follow to improve your experience. Each one has an impact and a description.
Click an Action item to open an information panel.
This panel gives more information and leads you to the next steps.
Remove any actions you do not intend to complete (hover over the action and click the (-) button).
You can show items you removed by clicking the button below the list. After that, you can put them back into your list by clicking the (+) button.
5
Continue to track your Webex experience as you adopt more of the recommendations.