August 30, 2022 |
1681 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Dedicated Instance auto-provisioning of Webex App for Calling
In this article
Overview
The auto-provisioning feature in Control Hub enables the self-provisioning of the user's devices in Unified CM for Calling in Dedicated Instance without any administrator's intervention. This feature avoids over-provisioning of multiple devices for a user in Unified CM and eliminates the need of approaching the administrator every time their personal device is changed. Devices are auto created in Unified CM, when a user is provisioned for Calling in Webex (Unified CM) and signs in with their registered email address or User ID to Webex App.
Administrators are not required to go to Unified CM to pre-provision any of the Webex App devices for users in their organization. When the user signs in to the Webex App using any device for the first time, the new device type is auto created for the user even if the device is not already available in the Unified CM server.
This feature allows auto-provisioning of following device types in Unified CM for the users when they sign into Webex App from various device platforms:
Android Device (BOT)
Chromebook/iPad Devices (TAB)
Windows/MAC Devices (CSF)
iPhone Device (TCT)
Auto-Provisioning Settings
You can choose to auto-provision the device type for a user at the organization level and at user calling settings level.

Auto-provisioning of Webex App devices in the Unified CM is supported from Webex App version 41.12.
Organization Settings
From the customer view in Control Hub (https://admin.webex.com), go to Services > Calling > Client Settings.
Define the policy to determine which devices are allowed for Auto-provisioning. Choose from an option:
Desktop and mobile
Desktop only
Mobile only
You can configure auto-provisioning Webex app for users on desktop, mobile, or both.
You can also change this setting at the user level for specific users in Control Hub. For user level settings, see User Settings.

The user level settings take priority over the organization’s default level settings for the auto-provisioning of Webex app feature.
User Settings

Ensure that the email ID or the user ID in email format of Unified CM matches with the user's email ID in Control Hub.
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Management > Users.
Select the user to modify and click Calling.
Under Unified Communications Manager settings, select the allowed device option from the drop-down list. The default device type is Desktop and mobile.
Desktop and mobile
Desktop only
Mobile only
On Unified CM Administration page, check if the user has a Primary Extension associated.
If the user does not have a Primary Extension and any device associated, add a Primary Extension to the user.
Go to User Management > User/Phone Add > Quick User/Phone Add.
Find the user and add an extension in the Extensions settings.
Auto-Provisioned Device Settings
Following table lists the scenarios and the template settings used for the new device created, when the User logs in the Webex App for the first time from a new Mobile or Desktop device
Associated Device(s) Settings Used for Auto-provisioned device
No device available
Device Settings
If the User Profile associated to an End User is configured with multiple Universal Device Templates (UDTs), the settings of the new Webex App device created is copied from the UDT based on the following priority order:
UDT associated to the Mobile and Desktop Devices
UDT associated to the Desk Phones
Auto-registration template (System Default UDT) of the cluster is used, if no UDT is configured in the User Profile

  Device creation fails if none of the above three options are available.

  Standard Model specific Phone Button Template is configured for the auto-provisioned device.
Any device
Device Settings — If the End User has a device associated and uses another device type to login the Webex App for the first time, the new auto-provisioned device settings are copied from the existing associated device in the following priority order:
Mobile (TCT/TAB/BOT)
Desktop (CSF)
All other devices

  Standard Model specific Phone Button Template is configured for the auto-provisioned device.
Based on the existing Phone Security Profile associated, the auto-provisioned device chooses one the following new Phone Security Profile.
Existing Phone Security Profile Auto-provisioned Phone Security Profile Name
Universal Security Profile (model independent) Universal Security Profile (model independent)
Standard Model Specific Security Profile Standard New Model Specific Security Profile
Custom Model Specific Security Profile Standard New Model Specific Security Profile
Custom Universal Security Profile (model independent) Custom Universal Security Profile (model independent)