April 11, 2023 |
35214 view(s) |
105 people thought this was helpful
Sync your stage with everyone in meetings, webinars, and events
When you customize your stage as the host or cohost of a Webex meeting, webinar, or event, you can sync it with everyone else in the meeting, webinar, or event. Syncing your stage ensures that participants can see what you want to focus on, like the active speaker or multiple speakers.
This feature is supported on Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, and Webex Events (classic). On Webex App, this feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
When you use stack or side-by-side view, the active speaker or shared content appears in a customizable area, called the stage. As the host or cohost, you can sync your stage with everyone else in the meeting, webinar, or event. When you sync your stage, what's in your stage appears for everyone else in the meeting and an indicator appears, letting you know that you're syncing. Attendees can add or remove people from their stage while you're syncing, but they can't remove any content or participants that you're syncing. Learn more about the stage.
To prevent attendees from changing their view or customizing their stage, lock the stage so they only see what's on your stage. Locking the attendee view hides the video thumbnails of participants. If you add or remove people to, update the stage so everyone sees your changes. If you're using the Meetings desktop or web app and you lock the stage, participants can also see when you resize the stage after you update it.

  Your synced stage doesn't appear for participants who join using a video device or from a live stream.
Recordings use the layout you selected in the preferences on your Webex site or during a meeting. If you sync your stage as the host or cohost, the recording shows your video layout. If you select Lock attendee view on stage only, the recording only shows what's on your stage.
Webex Events (classic) doesn't support recording your synced stage video layout.
For more information about the known issues and limitations of syncing your stage, see the known issues and limitations for video layouts.
Desktop, Web
iPad, Android tablet
iPhone, Android phone
1
Click Layout > Sync my stage for everyone.
2
Click Sync.

  If you want to limit the attendee view to just the stage, check Lock attendee view on stage only or Show only the stage to attendees before you sync or from the Layout menu after you start syncing.
If you're on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform, Show only the stage to attendees is checked by default.
3
(Optional) Add or remove people from the stage or resize the stage, then click Update to show your changes to everyone.

  Lock the attendee view on the stage to show your resized stage to everyone.
4
To stop syncing your stage, click Stop in the syncing indicator.