March 21, 2023 |
2758 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Education Instructor session type for Webex Meetings, Events (classic), and Training
The Education Instructor session type allows teachers and other education professionals in your organization to create meetings, events, or training sessions that meet their needs and help limit interruptions and distractions. This way, everyone can focus on what’s most important: learning.
Education Instructor session type for Webex Meetings, Events (classic), and Training
The Education Instructor session type acts as a meeting template designed for education professionals with host accounts on your site. When a host uses this session type to create a new meeting, event, or training session, the session type features and options apply automatically so they don't have to set them every time. For education (EDU) provisioned Webex sites, the Education Instructor session type is enabled for host accounts by default.
Features
The following features are disabled in the Education Instructor session type to make sure that education professionals can safely manage their classes:
Recording client-side—Meeting hosts can't record meetings on their computer. If the host wants to record the meeting, they can still record in the cloud. This way, the host can manage recordings from their site and share them securely. It also makes sure that hosts don't accidentally misplace or delete the recording.
File transfer—Participants can't transfer files to each other during a meeting. Sharing files can make collaboration easier, but it can also lead to disruptions if the shared files aren't related to the task at hand.
Control Hub
Site Admin
Before you begin
You must have the custom session types options enabled to see Session Types options in the navigation bar. If you don't see Session Types options, contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC).
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and select Meeting.
2
Select Sites, then choose the Webex site that you want to change the settings for, and click Settings.
3
Under Common Settings, select Session Types.
4
Click Add session type under the parent session type that you want to add a custom session type for.
5
Give your session type a name so you know it's for education instructors, like Education Instructor.
6
Toggle off the following options:
Recording client-side
File transfer
7
Click Save.
8
Check the check boxes in the Active and Default for New Users columns so any new users on your site automatically have the session type.

  For any existing users who you want to have the session type, you can enable it for them.