March 14, 2023 |
51423 view(s) |
216 people thought this was helpful
Webex App desktop update controls
You can set the frequency for Webex App updates for users in your organization.

  This article applies to desktop versions of the Webex App. The following articles are about managing mobile versions of Webex:
Mobile application management license agreement
Sign up for the mobile application management program
Webex App | Secure mobile devices
Webex App customers have the opportunity to access desktop app update controls which will allow you to choose how often Webex App is updated for your users, providing you with the option to update the app monthly or quarterly. By default, Webex App desktop updates are published every month. This will allow the number of updates presented to users to be reduced if desired.
We're also enabling you to defer the deployment of these updates by up to 4 weeks for the monthly cadence or up to 2 weeks for the quarterly cadence to enable your business to complete any required validation of the software update. This deferral window will allow the administrator to pass any required internal validation checks and also allow for the creation of any collateral to support a company wide update or roll out of Webex.
This balanced approach empowers administrators to meet the needs of stakeholders such as their Security Team, but at the same time realize the benefits of managed continuous delivery.
In Control Hub, administrators can review when any updates are scheduled to roll out to their organization, according to the cadence and deferral options which have been chosen. As normal, end users will receive the standard update icon in Webex and the app will continue to auto update on restart.

  These features give you control over your regular Webex software updates. Please note that we occasionally need to apply critical patches to all users with immediate effect. We consider such patches to be outside the scope of normal upgrades, and they cannot be controlled by your upgrade schedule or deferral preference.
Configure Webex App update schedule


Legacy settings to configure Webex App update schedule