April 13, 2023 |
555 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Release Notes for Cisco Desk Camera App
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved.
New features
Open and resolved bugs
April 12, 2023
Cisco Desk Camera App version 3.1.0101.13 contains some fixes and no new features.
For the fixes, see the Resolved bugs list in the Open and resolved bugs section.
October 18, 2022
Cisco Desk Camera App version 3.1.0001.2 contains the following enhancements:
Improved camera position preset
The default camera position is saved as the Default preset. You can easily switch between the default and your custom presets.
If you've changed the camera position while using a preset, you can save the changes to update the preset or undo the changes to revert the camera position back to the preset original position.
Changing settings without stopping video streaming
You can change the camera settings with the Cisco Desk Camera app even when the camera is in use for a video meeting.
June 1, 2022
Cisco Desk Camera App version 3.0.0001.4 delivers the following new features and changes:
Application renaming
The name of the camera app has changed to Cisco Desk Camera App from Webex Desk Camera App.
New user interface with dual color themes
We redesigned the camera app user interface to provide you with more explicit navigation on the settings and features. You can also switch the app appearance theme between the Dark and Light mode.
Presets for camera positions and image settings
You can preset the camera settings for digital pan, tilt, and zoom and quickly switch to a particular preset when you need it.
This version comes with two sets of predefined image contrast and saturation settings: Natural and Vibrant. The Natural preset is used by default. You can also customize and save your own contrast and saturation settings for later use.
March 24, 2022
The camera app version 2.4.0101.4 contains some fixes and no new features.
October 1, 2021
The camera app version 2.4.0001.2 delivers the following new features:
Best Overview
Best overview ensures that you’re properly framed in your video, even if you move about your workspace. Use this feature if you often move around during your meetings.
By default, this feature is disabled. You can enable it from the Webex Desk Camera app.
Saturation setting
Saturation setting allows you to control the vividness of your image so you always look your best. You can adjust the setting from the Webex Desk Camera app.
New color theme for the camera app
We changed the Webex Desk Camera app interface to dark color mode. Update your camera app to the latest version to experience the new user interface. This change doesn't need any configuration.
August 9, 2021
The camera app version 2.3.0101.10 delivers the following new feature:
Improved camera app restart
This enhancement for the Cisco Webex Desk Camera app allows you to return to work even quicker. It will take less than ten seconds for the app to restart after the next update.
This improvement doesn't require any configuration.
June 1, 2021
The camera app version 2.3.0001.3 delivers the following new feature:
Camera firmware and app update
You can use the Updates button on the Webex Desk Camera app and easily update both the camera firmware and the camera app.
February, 2021
The initial version of Webex Desk Camera App is released with Webex Desk Camera.