January 20, 2023 |
276858 view(s) |
620 people thought this was helpful
Tips and tricks for using audio with Webex Meetings Suite
Use this article to learn participant limits for each Webex service, audio connection and muting options, and supported headsets for your Webex site.
Consider which service to use
Each Webex service has different audio capabilities and supports a certain number of participants.
Webex Service
Maximum number of participants using Webex audio
Maximum number of participants using VoIP only or other teleconference services
Meetings
1,000 total:
Up to 1,000 using the phone
Up to 1,000 using the computer
Up to 1,000 using VoIP only
Up to 500 using other teleconference services
Webex Webinars
For plans that support 3,000 attendees:
Up to 1,000 using the phone
Up to 2000 using the computer (or Audio Broadcast)
For plans that support 1,000 attendees:
Up to 1,000 using the phone
Up to 1,000 using the computer (or Audio Broadcast)
For plans that support 3,000 attendees:
Up to 3,000 using VoIP only
Up to 500 using other teleconference services
For plans that support 1,000 attendees:
Up to 1,000 using VoIP only
Up to 500 using other teleconference services
Webex Training
1,000 total:
Up to 1,000 using the phone
Up to 500 using the computer
Up to 1,000 using VoIP only
Up to 500 using other teleconference services
Webex Support can accommodate a maximum of 1,000 participants. Up to 500 participants can connect to the audio conference using Webex teleconference or VoIP only.
Turn on entry and exit notifications
The beeps you hear when other participants are entering or exiting a meeting are off by default and only on by default for Call-in or Call me users. For more information, see Turn on entry and exit notifications in Webex Meetings.
Connect to audio
When joining a meeting, webinar, event, or training session, connect to audio in one of the following ways.
Feature
Action
Call me at
Receive a call at any number, such as your work or home phone. Use this option for consistent, quality voice transmission.
Call in
Dial in from your phone. Click the link to find a list of global call-in numbers. Use this option for consistent, quality voice transmission.
Make a note of the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. You'll need to enter these numbers to join the meeting.

  Your attendee ID connects your name in the meeting to your audio. If you don’t enter your attendee ID, your audio connection appears as a call-in user in the Participants list, separate from your name, and you can’t control audio from the application.
Select one of the available numbers to join the meeting and when prompted, enter the access code or meeting number and the attendee ID. If you don't have your attendee ID, press # to wait in the lobby until someone in the meeting lets you in.
Use computer audio
Use your computer with a headset. Use this option if you don’t have a toll-free number, or if you prefer not to use your phone.
Connect to a Video System
Enter your video system address if it isn't automatically populated, and click Call. Use this option to call in from video systems and applications.

  This option is only available in meetings.
Mute or unmute yourself or others
Use the mute and unmute functions to prevent unwanted noise in your meeting, webinar, event, or training session. Depending on your role, you can mute and unmute yourself, other participants, and use background noise detection to decide who to mute.
Supported computer headsets
Any headset with a microphone works with Webex, including USB headsets, as long as the device has drivers for the operating system. We recommend that you use the models from these vendors:
Cisco
Jabra
Logitech
Plantronics
Sennheiser
Most models from these vendors support muting from both the headset and the Participants panel in Meetings and Webex Webinars.