June 06, 2023 |
4125 view(s) |
9 people thought this was helpful
Enable Webex Calling for India locations
Support for location-based policies to prohibit mixing of VoIP and PSTN calls on India PSTN networks, and by routing long distance and international PSTN calls through a local PSTN connection.
There is a specific VoIP regulatory need for businesses in India. While there are no restrictions for calls made within an organization using a private IP network, there are specific regulations such that PSTN connection must be used when connecting calls outside enterprise. According to the Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRAI) regulations, the PSTN telephony network in India must never be interconnected with the VoIP Telephony network for Toll Bypass. There are more data retention requirements for Other Service Provider (OSP) customers that they must maintain call data records and system logs for one year.

Webex Calling Location: The location that is set up in the Control Hub for Webex Calling.
User’s Physical Location: The physical location of the calling user. For example Office, Cafe, and Home.
To comply with the regulations, Webex Calling has implemented administrative controls that route calls based on a user’s physical location. An administrator associates IP subnets to a location in Webex Calling to determine the user’s physical location. At the time of PSTN interconnect, if a user’s endpoint IP address matches one of the configured subnets, then a user is internal to the enterprise network.
Outbound and inbound PSTN calls are allowed for internal users. If the user’s endpoint is outside the configured subnet, that means user is roaming. PSTN interconnects restrictions apply for roaming users.

The Webex Calling administrator can review the audit logs stored in Control Hub for Webex Calling in India. For help, see: Audit logging for Webex Calling in India
Apply toll bypass policy configuration on Webex Calling

Add a Webex Calling location

Create a Trusted Network Edge

Create a zone

Associate a Zone to a PSTN connection set up for India location


Create a trunk
Select a trunk for premises-based PSTN
Examples of how this configuration avoids toll bypass


Supported endpoints
Calling India PSTN users while Webex calling user is roaming
Call recording
Download the Call Detail Record (CDR) file from Control Hub
Limitations