June 13, 2023 |
12512 view(s) |
9 people thought this was helpful
Manage compliance data for legal hold
During a litigation you may be required to preserve both Webex App and Meetings data for a period of time. This period of time may be longer than your retention policy. You can use legal hold to ensure that relevant information is not purged by your retention policy.
About legal hold
Legal hold is part of Pro Pack for Control Hub. For more information, see Pro Pack for Control Hub.
Only a compliance officer can create a matter in legal hold to retain the data. A user must be assigned the compliance officer role before they can access legal hold in Control Hub. For more information on the compliance officer role, see Assign account roles in Control Hub.
As a compliance officer, you can only put users in your organization on legal hold and only content for Webex app spaces and meetings owned by your organization is placed in legal hold.
When the legal matter is active, all spaces and meetings with users who are associated with the legal matter are retained. Content in spaces and meetings content that these users belong to is retained, this includes spaces the user leaves, new spaces that they join or create, or even if the user never posted any content in the space and recordings of meetings that the user attended. Content is also retained after a user leaves the organization.
The type of content that is retained includes:
Space content—Messages, files, and whiteboard content.
Meetings content—Recordings.
When the matter is released, no information related to that matter is retained.

  Keep in mind that:
You can put legal hold on an active user's content. You cannot put legal hold on a deleted user's content.
If your org is divided into multiple Meetings sites, you'll need to enable (reach out to your Cisco account team) the compliance feature to use the legal hold feature. Once the feature is enabled, and a custodian is put on legal hold, only the meetings recorded after the compliance feature is enabled will be saved and will be available for eDiscovery.
Webex Assistant is not yet available for Webex for Government organizations, so Control Hub only supports legal hold on meeting recordings and related metadata.
Create a matter for legal hold
As a compliance officer, you can create a matter in legal hold to retain that user's data for litigation.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Troubleshooting > Status > View eDiscovery.
2
Select Legal Matters and then click Create Matter.
3
Enter a Name and optionally a Description.
4
Download the CSV template and add users' email addresses for the Custodians in the CSV file.
5
Click Browse and choose the CSV file you created.
6
Click Save.
Release a matter from legal hold
As a compliance officer, once the legal litigation is complete, you can release a legal matter. When the matter is released, all the data retained by the matter is released or deleted based on your organization's retention policy.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Troubleshooting > Status > View eDiscovery.
2
Click Legal Matters and then select the matter you want to release.
3
Click Release and click Yes to confirm.
Delete a matter for legal hold
As a compliance officer, you can delete a legal matter if you created the matter in error. When the matter is deleted, all the data retained by the matter is released or deleted based on your organization's retention policy.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Troubleshooting > Status > View eDiscovery
2
Select Legal Matters and then click on the matter you want to delete.
3
Click Delete and click Continue.