July 21, 2023 |
8095 view(s) |
9 people thought this was helpful
Poly and Yealink support on Webex Calling
Poly and Yealink devices are available on request as Webex Calling managed devices (Cisco controlled configurations). This helps migrating customers who have already made a significant investment in these devices onboard to Webex Calling.
Supported models:
See the Supported devices for Webex Calling .
Device capabilities:
Provisioning and deployment
Assign to users or workspaces
Support primary and shared lines
Support monitored lines
Support standard sip phone features (no advanced feature support – see below)
Manual deployment (no activation code or EDOS support)
Individual device provisioning in Control Hub (no bulk)
Locked device configuration (no third-party device management)
No device settings through Control Hub (no configuration overrides)
Provisioning and deployment:
Provisioning from Control Hub:
Once the devices are exposed to the customer, you can provision Poly and Yealink devices with MAC address as managed devices via Control Hub. See Configure and manage devices in Control Hub .

Poly and Yealink devices appear in the existing Device list along with the other Cisco devices.
Manual Deployment:
For Poly:
First, reset the phone to factory default settings:
Reboot the phone and wait for the start screen.
Wait for the cancel button to appear then press it.
The phone shows a count down. This is the only open time to press the key combination to go to the hard reset page.
Press and hold 1 3 5 within the countdown period until it prompts you to the password page.
Enter the MAC ID of the device as the password (e.g 0004f17322ef).
Use the softkey to switch character / numeric entry mode.
Press keypad buttons several times to get additional characters / numbers.
Now manually update the device configuration from the Phone Menu:
Press the Menu button.
Select Settings…”..
Select the option “2. Advanced…”
At the password prompt, enter key in 456 and press the Enter soft key (Default Password – change the password once the phone successfully completes the onboarding process).

If the password is a known value other than 456, then enter that value.
If the password isn’t 456 and the actual password isn’t known, then you can't perform the remainder of this procedure, and can't modify the device for use on Webex Calling.
Select option 1. Admin Settings…
Using the up/down arrows to select TLS Security >TLS Applications > Provisioning > TLS Protocol, and finally select the check box for SSL v2/v3.
Select option 1. Network Configuration…
Using the up/down arrows, highlight Provisioning Server… then press Select.
Using the up/down arrows, highlight DHCP Menu: ... then press Select.
Using the up/down arrows, highlight Boot Server: ... then press Select.
Using the up/down arrows, select Static then press Select.
Press Back to exit DHCP menu.
Using the up/down arrows, highlight Server Type:… then press Select.
Using the right/left arrows, select HTTPS then press the Ok soft key.
Using the up/down arrows, highlight Server Address:… then press Select.
Using the numeric keypad, enter the following case-sensitive URL:
US: https://plcm.sipflash.com
EU: https://polycom.broadcloud.eu
EUN: https://polycom-eun.bcld.webex.com
AU: https://polycom.broadcloud.com.au
CA: https://polycom-ca.bcld.webex.com
JP: https://polycom-jp.bcld.webex.com
Use the * key to enter periods (requires a single key press in any key mode).
Press the Ok soft key.
Press Back/Left twice to reach the Save Config screen.
Press the Yes soft key to begin the reboot sequence.
For Yealink:
First, factory reset the phone
Press and hold the OK key on the face of the phone for 10 seconds. This prompts you to accept or decline a factory reset. If you accept, the unit restores itself to factory default settings without the need for the admin password or logging in.

Begin from the home screen of the pohone for this procedure to work. If there are other alerts present, such as a missed call notification, clear the notification to proceed to the home screen.
Now manually update the device configuration via the Phone Menu
Go to Menu > Status
Enter the IP address into your browser, when prompted for login.
Log in to the device using the default (case-sensitive) username ("admin") and password ("admin"), and then click Confirm.
Under the Settings tab, click on Auto Provision.
Enter the provisioning server address into the Server URL field:
US: https://yealink.sipflash.com
EU: https://yealink.broadcloud.eu
EUN: https://yealink-eun.bcld.webex.com
AU: https://yealink.broadcloud.com.au
CA: https://yealink-ca.bcld.webex.com
JP: https://yealink-jp.bcld.webex.com
Click Confirm.
Click Auto Provision Now.
This causes the device to request the files from the provisioning server and reboot. On completing the boot process, the device provisions for use in the BroadSoft BroadCloud PBX network. If the station assignment process was properly completed prior to the reboot, the device boots into a station specific assigned/usable state. If not, the device boots into a default unassigned/unusable state and remains in this state until the site administrator completes the station assignment process. If this occurs, contact your site administrator, and request for completion of the station assignment for the device in question.
Device information, analytics, and support:
Device information / analytics:
Poly and Yealink devices don’t appear in the Control Hub analytics dashboards and no call quality metrics are available.
Poly and Yealink devices appear in the Devices tab of Control Hub and their Status are displayed.
Technical Support (Webex Calling support teams):
Supported through normal TAC ticketing process
Basic SIP troubleshooting including SIP registration verification and basic calling capabilities No remote log collection or customer syslog capability
No third-party feature support
No third-party RMA or warranty support
No configuration override support