January 20, 2023 |
720 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Headset administration in Call Manager
Headset management enhances your Cisco headset deployment, letting administrators manage headset serviceability from Cisco Unified Communications Manager.
Headset management overview
This article assumes that you have already deployed your Cisco Headsets to your users.
In Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) Administration, you can:
Remotely configure headset settings such as wireless power range, audio bandwidth, and Bluetooth on/off.
Remotely configure default settings such as sidetone and equalizer settings.
Define and control the headset firmware.
Get a detailed inventory of all the headsets in your deployment.
Diagnose and troubleshoot headsets with Remote PRT and alarms.
For comprehensive Unified CM support, refer to support content for your specific Unified CM version.
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/unified-communications/unified-communications-manager-callmanager/series.html
Workflow configure serviceability
Use the following workflow to guide you through the setup of the Cisco Headset serviceability features.
After you complete this workflow, you can configure headset settings, maintain headset latest firmware loads, configure headset associations to users, enable headset-based Extension Mobility, and maintain inventory.
1
Activate Cisco Headset Service.
Turn on Cisco Headset Service in Cisco Unified Serviceability.
2
Prepare your headset COP files.
Make sure you install and upgrade the latest headset firmware using a COP file.
3
Configure user profiles for headset users.
If you haven't yet configured User Profiles, use this procedure to set up profiles for your users. If all User Profiles are configured, you can skip this task.
4
Apply user profiles to end users.
Assign User Profiles to your end users. If you've already assigned User Profiles, you can skip this task.
5
Configure a headset template.
Configure default settings and firmware for a Cisco headset template. Associate User Profiles to the template such that users whom use that User Profile are assigned to this headset template.
6
View headset inventory.
Check that you can see your deployed headset inventory through the Cisco Unified CM interface.
Activate Cisco Headset Service
Before you can begin administering Cisco Headsets through the Cisco Unified CM Administration interface, turn on Cisco Headset Service in Cisco Unified Communications Manager Serviceability.

  Cisco Headset service should be activated on all the Unified Communications Manager nodes wherever Cisco CallManager service is already running. Ensure that you activate the Cisco Headset service on the Unified Communications Manager nodes where you want to administer headsets using the Cisco Unified CM Administration interface. The Cisco CallManager service will be automatically activated when you enable the Cisco Headset service. Deactivate the Cisco CallManager service if you do not need it.
1
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, navigate to Cisco Unified Serviceability and click Go.
2
Select Tools > Service Activation.
3
Check the Cisco Headset Service check box from the CM Services section and select Save.
What to do next
Prepare your Headset COP Files.
Prepare your headset COP files
You can install and upgrade the latest headset firmware using a COP file. A headset COP file contains all the firmware versions of different headset models along with their configuration data.

  Ensure that the Cisco Headset service is up and running before the COP file is installed.
Ensure that the headset COP file is installed on all nodes of Unified Communications Manager.
When you connect your headset to the phone or Cisco Jabber, the headset template configuration changes are applied. If you make any updates to the headset template configurations on Unified Communications Manager, the endpoints apply these configuration updates on the connected headsets.
Configure profiles for headset users
If you haven't yet configured User Profiles for your users, use this procedure to set up profiles. Your headset templates will be assigned to users via their User Profile. If you've already configured User Profiles, you can skip this task.

  Configure multiple User Profiles for different groups of users as per your deployment needs. By default, all User Profiles get assigned to the system default headset template. You can assign them to customized templates when you configure your headset template.
Refer to the Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communicagions Manger for complete information on how to configure and apply User Profiles in Cisco Unified CM.
1
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, choose User Management > User Settings > User Profile
2
Click Add New.
3
Enter a Name and Description for the user profile.
4
Assign a Universal Device Template to apply to users' Desk Phones, Mobile and Desktop Devices, and Remote Destination/Device Profiles.
5
Assign a Universal Line Template to apply to the phone lines for users in this user profile.
6
Click Save.
Apply user profiles to end users
Associate your users to the User Profiles that you've created. The User Profile must be associated with the end user, and the MAC of the device must be added under the controlled devices to apply the headset template configuration changes.

  If you've already assigned all users to the appropriate User Profiles, you can skip this task.
1
In Cisco Unified CM Administration, choose User Management > End User.
2
Click Add New and enter the User ID and Last name.
3
Click Save.
4
To associate the end user with the device, choose Device > Phone.
5
Select the Cisco IP Phone or device.
6
Under Device Information, select User as the Owner and select the Owner User ID.
7
Click Save and Apply Config for the configuration changes to take effect.
Headset firmware management in Call Manager
Most phones and devices connected to the Unified Communications Manager support Cisco Headsets. Install the latest phone firmware release and device package before connecting your headset to a phone. When the headset first connects, it downloads the required firmware and begins the upgrade process.

  Users assigned to the standard headset template will always receive the latest headset firmware and settings.
For a given headset model, the following two firmware options are supported:
Remain on current version—Choose this option if you want the headset to remain on the existing firmware version (that is, the headset firmware version is not upgraded to the latest system firmware version).
Latest—Choose this option to upgrade or downgrade the headset. The system installs the chosen firmware on the headset, even if that firmware is an older release from what the headset currently has.

  You can't downgrade headset firmware to a lower version if the headset source setting is set to Allow from UCM or Cisco Cloud .