June 29, 2023 |
7225 view(s) |
23 people thought this was helpful
Multi line support in Webex Calling using virtual lines
In this article
In today’s multitasking environment, phone power users like contact center agents may need to communicate on multiple lines. Multi line in Webex Calling enables those users to do just that. It's easy to place and receive calls with different assigned directory numbers and thus helps users to manage their busy day much more efficiently.
Overview
As an administrator, you can use the virtual line to configure multiple lines for Webex Calling users. You can configure virtual lines with its associated business calling features, such as voicemail, call forward, call waiting and many more, without requiring additional license. After the lines are configured, they can be assigned to the device and Webex App as non-primary lines. These lines are used to place and receive calls like the primary line.
Some of the common use cases of virtual lines are:
Users in support roles who manage high volume of incoming calls across multiple queues and hunt groups.
Regional workers who desire phone numbers in multiple local area codes.
Administrative staffs who manage calls for executives on shared lines.
An executive who needs separate private and public lines.
The prerequisites to configure a virtual line are:
You must be either a full administrator or user and device administrator.
Virtual line can be assigned only to users with Webex Calling professional license.
Benefits of virtual line
For an administrator:
Full flexibility to assign, change, and delete the line easily at any time as it’s not tied to any specific user or device.
No additional license, user ID, or email is required for creating a virtual line.
For an end user:
Access to multiple lines to organize the busy day much more efficiently.
Handle calls from any device at any time when the same line is assigned to multiple devices.
Easily access all the assigned lines in one place with the flexibility of choosing the line to place a call.
Get a visual indication for all missed calls and voice messages next to the line numbers to track easily.
Access all the midcall features, such as, call transfer and call forward for the additional line similar to the primary line.
Create virtual line
Assign virtual line to device




Configure call settings for virtual line

Assign virtual line to calling features
Limitations