June 07, 2022 |
3293 view(s) |
4 people thought this was helpful
Certificate Management in Webex Cloud-Connected UC
In this article
Certificate Management Overview
Centralized Certificate Management is a cloud-based service offering a single place to view and manage certificates of Cisco Unified Communications Manager, IM and Presence, and Cisco Unity Connection and Cisco Emergency Responder across multiple clusters.
Before you begin:
You must enable the Certificate Management service on the Service Management page for the desired cluster. For more information, see Enable Cloud-Connected UC Services in Control Hub.
Centralized Certificate Management offers these key functionalities:
Multi-cluster dashboard showing certificate status for each cluster.
Detailed view of identity and trust certificates at an individual cluster-level.
Ability to perform certificate operations such as generate CSR, upload certificate, renew, download, copy, replace, and remove.
Alerts dashboard to view expired and expiring soon certificates.
Ability to configure notification such as email notification for certificate expiration.
Distribute the certificates across multiple trust stores and clusters.
Define certificate profile with various settings and assign to a cluster.

You cannot Distribute and Replace Certificates on Cisco Emergency Responder application.
Access the Certificate Management Service
The Certificate Management service within the Cloud-Connected UC suite of services manages certificates for on-premises deployment.
To access the Certificate Management, perform the following steps:
1
From the customer view in the Webex Control Hub, go to Services > Connected UC.
The Connected UC page appears. The Certificate Management card in this page provides the Certificate Management features and functionalities.
2
On the Certificate Management card, click any link to access the various functionalities of certificate management.
The following table lists the functionalities that are available in the Certificate Management:
Tabs
Description
Alerts
Displays a summary of all the expired and expiring certificates. The administrator can take necessary actions on identity or trust certificates to keep them up to date.
Clusters
Displays a summary of certificate status across clusters in the given organization and allows the administrator to take necessary actions on identity or trust certificates.
You can view all identity and trust certificates of a specific cluster within an organization.
Jobs tab shows a summary of all actions that are performed on the certificates.
Profiles
Validates that the certificates in a cluster comply with the configured settings. You can create a Custom Certificate Management profile and associate them to a cluster.
Settings
Configure the email addresses of administrators to receive the certificate expiry notifications. All fields are configurable in the Settings page of Certificate Management.
Access Alerts Page




Access Clusters Page




Access Profiles Page


Access Settings Page