May 09, 2023 |
91388 view(s) |
459 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Change your audio settings
You can personalize your audio options. You can use a headset when you're in the office; if you work remotely, you can switch to a connected speaker or microphone. Enhance your audio even further by turning on music mode or removing background noise and speech.
Windows
Mac
Mobile
Web
Click your profile picture, select Settings, and select Audio. Then you can change any of the following settings:
Choose the devices to use for the microphone, speaker, and ringer. You can adjust the volume of your speaker and microphone from here and check the Automatically adjust volume check box.
Choose Use system setting to use a device that's configured as the default option on your system. When you change the audio device for your operating system, Webex follows the change accordingly. To see what device you currently have set up as the default, go to Start > Settings > System > Sound.

  Use one of our Cisco Headset 500 Series with the USB connector or Cisco Headset 730 with Bluetooth in your meetings and calls.
Choose the volume of the incoming call ringtone and message alert sounds.
Click Test to test the volume level. The ringtone that you chose in Notifications > Calling is played.
Check the Unmute temporarily by holding Spacebar check box so you can unmute yourself temporarily during a meeting.
Under Webex smart audio:
Select Noise removal to join your meetings and calls without worrying about background noise, such as keyboard typing and doorbells. You can also remove background noise during your active call or meeting.
Select Optimize for my voice to remove background speech and noise when you're in a noisy environment where others are talking, such as a coffee shop. You can also remove background speech and noise during your active call or meeting.
Select Optimize for all voices to remove background noise and enhance all voices nearby. You can also remove background speech and noise during your active call or meeting.
Select Music mode to preserve your microphone's original sound when using your computer for audio, making virtual concerts or music lessons even better. You can also enable music mode during your active call or meeting.
You can also change your audio options right from your call controls. Click the drop-down arrow next to Mute, choose Settings, and then make your selections.