November 26, 2021 |
7944 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot Webex Cloud-Connected UC
In this article
Introduction
Use this article as a guide to resolve issues that might occur when you are using the Webex Cloud-Connected UC Telemetry and Analytics service.
Address Technical Issues
This article lists out how to address user interface issues while onboarding a node, or using Analytics charts, or troubleshooting Unified CM call signaling issues.
User Interface Issues During Onboarding
Issue
Resolution
Under Services in the Control Hub, unable to view the UC Management tile.
Ensure that you’ve the right roles (that is, UC Admin) and entitlements.
Save Button on the Create Agent Install File window is disabled.
Ensure that you've entered data in all the mandatory fields on this window.
Unable to create Cluster Group.
Contact Cisco TAC support.
Success message is not generated when an Agent Install file is created.
Check your internet connection and confirm that's working.
Token in the HTTP Proxies field of the Create Agent Install File window appears in red.
Ensure that you've entered a valid proxy URL.
Download button is disabled on the UC Management window or the My First Agent screen.
The Agent Install file may take up to 2 minutes to be created. After the agent cop file is created, refresh the page so that the Download button is enabled. If the Download button remains disabled after 5 minutes, contact Cisco TAC support.
Cluster Group Status shows Misconfigured.
Contact Cisco TAC support.
Cluster Group Status shows No Agent running.
Download and install the Agent Install file.
Cluster Group Status shows No Publisher.
Contact Cisco TAC support.
Cluster Group Status or Node Status shows Offline.
Check which node is offline.
For more information about node or cluster group statuses, see the Add Cluster Groups section in Set Up Webex Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
If the proxy information for the given node has changed, use the CLI command utils ucmgmt proxy to change the proxy information.
If still doesn’t work, collect the log files using file command.
The Agent service logs are located at: /var/log/active/ucmgmt
The log filenames are cloud_agent_startup.log and cloud_agent.log.
Contact Cisco TAC support.
Node status in Telemetry Inventory shows Installation Failed.
This indicates telemetry module installation or upgrade has failed. Contact Cisco TAC support.
Node status in Analytics Inventory shows Offline.
If you've configured an extra proxy, it would take approximately 1.5 hours for the telemetry module to set up the working proxy and change the node status to online. If the node continues to remain offline after 1.5 hours, contact Cisco TAC support.
Network error appears on the screen.
Check if you're using a supported browser version.
Disable any browser privacy plug-ins such as, EFF’s Privacy Badger and try again.
Node status shows Misconfigured.
This indicates that the node is incorrectly configured. Contact Cisco TAC support.
Analytics User Interface Issues
When you click the Analytics tab in the Control Hub, you can view the Analytics UI.
Issue
Resolution
Connected UC tab doesn't appear after Control Hub sign-in.
The role, scope, or entitlement that's assigned to you could be incorrect or insufficient. Contact Cisco TAC support.
When you click the Connected UC tab, 403 Forbidden message is displayed.
Check if you're using a supported browser.
Try accessing the Analytics UI in Incognito mode with all plug-ins disabled.
Clear your browser cache and cookies.
If the issue persists, contact Cisco TAC support.
Analytics page is not loading for incognito mode in Chrome.
Go to Settings > Privacy and security > Cookies and other site data and select Allow all cookies. For other browsers, enable cookies using the relevant menu options.
Charts are not loading on the Analytics UI.
Check if you’ve the latest version of the browser (Chrome, Firefox, or Edge).
Check if the time on the NTP server matches the international UTC clock.
If you've the latest browser version, then refer to the relevant Troubleshooting Guide based on your version of the Cisco Unified Communication Manager.
If the issue persists, contact Cisco TAC support.
In the Analytics UI, some of the charts don't have any data.
Check that CDR Enabled Flag field is set True and the Call Diagnostics Enabled field is set to Enabled Only When CDR Enabled Flag is True.
If you've configured an extra proxy, it would take approximately 1.5 hours for the telemetry module to set up the working proxy and change the node status to online. If the node continues to remain offline after 1.5 hours, contact Cisco TAC support.
Charts on the Analytics UI do not display data.
Check if the telemetry service is stopped.
Charts on the Analytics UI display incorrect data.
Contact Cisco TAC support.
Call Failure Analysis chart in the Service Experience category doesn't show any failure data.
In the Unified CM service parameters, check if CDR Log Calls with Zero Duration Flag is enabled for all Unified CM nodes. If it isn't enabled for all nodes, ensure that you enable it.
Analytic charts and Download reports don't show the User ID or URI or DN.
The charts and download reports are populated with User ID, or URI, or phone number information only if you have accepted the Data Collection agreement. Check if you've accepted the Data Collection agreement.
Calling Number and Called Number charts are empty.
Check if you've accepted the Data Collection agreement.
Service Experience doesn't show any data for the searched User ID, but the endpoint that is controlled by this User ID has made calls.
Unified CM doesn't send the User ID in CDR unless the User ID is configured as Owner User ID in the Device > Phone Configuration page of Unified CM. Check if this device is assigned with the appropriate User ID. For more information regarding configuring the Owner User ID, refer to Add a Collaboration Mobile Convergence Virtual Device section of the Administration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager for your version of Unified CM.
Troubleshooting User Interface Issues
When you click the Troubleshooting tab in the Control Hub, you can view the Troubleshooting UI.
Issue
Resolution
Unable to view troubleshooting data under Connected UC tab.
Check if you've enabled Operational Metrics on the Service Management page.
For more information, see Enable or Disable Webex Cloud-Connected UC Services in Control Hub.
If the issue persists, contact Cisco TAC support.
What to do next
For information about how to onboard on-premises devices to Webex Cloud-Connected UC, see Set Up Webex Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
For information about Webex Cloud-Connected UC Analytics, see Analytics for Your Webex Cloud-Connected UC.