May 12, 2023 |
19870 view(s) |
55 people thought this was helpful
Get started with your Receptionist Client
In this article
The Receptionist Client is a web-based tool that combines your desk phone with a desktop interface and enables you to process calls to users within your organization. You can screen incoming calls, manage calls and contacts, and monitor calls in a queue.
Sign in to the dashboard
Access Receptionist from the Calling User Portal. Once signed in, the display panes in the dashboard allow you to:
View global messages, application settings, and information about your user account and call state.
View and change your current settings.
View and manage active calls from the calls console.
Create and manage contacts.
Monitor and manage queued calls from the queued calls pane.
Before you begin
A desk phone or Webex App is required to place and/or receive calls.
1
Go to https://settings.webex.com and select Webex Calling.
2
From the Calling User Portal, go to My Apps.
3
Click Receptionist.
4
Choose the Cisco sign-in option.
What to do next
Take a look at this video on how to sign in to Receptionist and get a glimpse of the portal.
Manage your contacts
You can create and manage contacts within Receptionist to easily make calls to stored numbers. Once you create a contact, you can update, delete, monitor a contact statically (used if you monitor the same contacts daily), monitor a contact dynamically (used to view selected contacts on an as needed basis), and add a note to the contact.

The maximum number of contacts you can monitor statically is 200. The maximum number of contacts that can be monitored dynamically is 100.
1
From the contacts pane, select the Personal tab.
2
Click the Edit icon to add, update, or delete a personal contact.
3
To add a note to a contact, select the contact and click Notes.
Place a call
There are several ways to place calls with your Receptionist Client. You can dial a number, use the redial option, or select a contact that you want to call.
1
From the call console pane, use the dialer, or click Redial.
2
From the contacts pane, select a contact to dial.

  From here, you can also choose to view the call history or search for a specific contact.
3
Click CALL.
Answer a call
From the console pane, click Answer.
Auto-answer calls in receptionist client
Outbound Calls
For outbound calls, the initial call to the receptionist client’s phone is automatically answered and the outbound call is placed to the destination.
This removes the need for a receptionist to answer the initial call to themselves before the outbound call is placed.
Use the dialer or select the contact, to call the person you’d like.
Click Dial to place the call.
The initial call to the reception is automatically answered and the call is placed to the destination number or extension.
Inbound Calls
For inbound calls to the receptionist, the auto-answer button is exposed in the receptionist client. You can either toggle this button on or off.
The auto-answer button enables or disables auto-answer for calls made to the receptionist client.
OFF (Default) - You have to manually answer each incoming call.
ON - Incoming calls to the receptionist are answered automatically.
Place an active call on hold
The Receptionist Client allows you to manage multiple calls simultaneously. You can place an active call on hold. Or, you can answer an incoming call, while on an active call, and your first call is automatically placed on hold.
From the console pane, while on an active call, click HOLD on the call that you want to place on hold.
Click Answer to resume the call.

You can manage multiple calls from the call console. If you’re on an active call and receive a new call, click Answer to take the new call. Your first call is automatically placed on hold.
Transfer a call
While on a call, you can transfer the call to another user by announcing it first (consulted transfer) or by completing the transfer without an announcement (blind transfer).
1
While on an active call, use the dialer or select the contact, to call the person you’d like to transfer to.
Your first call is automatically placed on hold.
2
(Optional) Announce the call.
3
To transfer the call without an announcement (blind transfer), click Transfer after dialing the transfer destination.
4
Hover over the active call, then click Transfer.