July 24, 2023 |
9986 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Add Services to an Existing Workspace with Board, Desk, and Room Devices
If you've already created a workspace, such as a lobby or lunch room, you can still add services, such as PSTN, to the Cisco Board, Desk, or Room devices in that workspace.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Management > Workspaces, and then select the workspace that you want to update.
2
Go to Calling and click the cogwheel . Then choose a call service for the workspace and click Save.
None— For a standalone Room Navigator or multi-platform devices.
Call on Webex (1:1 call, non-PSTN) (default)—For Webex App and SIP address calling.
Cisco Webex Calling—Add PSTN service to the device in the Workspace through the Webex Calling service—depending on your deployment, the PSTN service may come from a local gateway on the premises, through the PSTN the Service Provider bundled, or through a cloud connected PSTN (CCP) provider. Click Next and assign a phone number and extension to the device, and then click Save.
For more information about the PSTN options, see PSTN Connectivity in the data sheet.
3rd Party SIP Calling—This workspace does not have a Cisco device, but can receive calls using the configured SIP address.
3
Go to Scheduling and click Choose a scheduling.
None—Select if you use the Workspace as a basic shared workspace. This is the default setting.
Calendar—Select if you want to enable One Button To Push for this Workspace.
Hot desking—Select if want users to sign in and book any shared device with their Webex identity. For steps to invoke a Hot desking session, see Provision Hot desking.

  It's recommended that you do the following configuration changes for Hot desking. Turn off Standby to show the booking status as half-awake. Set Ultrasound to 0 if you are deploying the device to an open workspace.
4
Go to Meetings and click Enable device hosted meetings if you want to start meetings direcly from the device without using the Webex app. This allows users to host Webew meetings on their device with a Basic Meetings license. Select Create site and follow the instructions.
Provision Hot desking
Workspace for a hot desk device shows the status of the hot desk device, with the ability to end the hot desk session.
Ensure that these configurations are complete to invoke a hot desking session. Read this article for more information on how to sign in and book a Cisco device with Hot Desking.
1
Configure the Workspace for Hot Desking in the Scheduling section.
2
Provision the user's Hot Desking profile with the required lines.
3
The Workspace device displays a QR code.
4
The user uses a mobile phone with the Webex App installed to scan the QR code.
5
The phone prompts for booking time. The user selects the booking time and books the device.
6
Device reprovisions as the user's device. All meetings and calling capabilities are now available at this Hot Desk device.

  When the session expires, the device reconfigures back to the workspace configuration displaying the QR code for session login. All user data is purged from the device.