April 10, 2023 |
1937 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
ThousandEyes integration with Webex services in Control Hub
When you integrate ThousandEyes with Webex, you can set up agents to help identify the root causes of network connection problems when users are in a meeting or call. ThousandEyes agents give you end-to-end visibility between user locations and Webex conferencing services.
Webex Meetings
Webex Calling
ThousandEyes enterprise agents with Meetings data centers
ThousandEyes has Webex-specific Cloud Agents deployed at the front door of several Webex data centers responsible for serving customer traffic. These agents are available for general use by all ThousandEyes customers and are a tool to better monitor and troubleshoot your Webex performance. For more information about the key value of these agents, see the Webex Monitoring solution page.

  See this article for best practices on how to set up tests with Webex Cloud Agents for Webex Meetings.
The agents available for Meetings data centers are:
Table 1. Available Cloud Agents for Meetings data centers
Cloud Agent name Location
Amsterdam, Netherlands Netherlands
Ashburn, VA
Chicago, IL
Dallas, TX
New York, NY
San Jose, CA
United States
Frankfurt, Germany Germany
London, England United Kingdom
Montreal, Canada
Toronto, Canada
Canada
Mumbai, India India
Amsterdam, Netherlands Netherlands
Singapore Singapore
Sydney, Australia Australia
Tokyo, Japan Japan
ThousandEyes endpoint agents for Troubleshooting in Control Hub
You can integrate ThousandEyes with Troubleshooting in Control Hub so you can see full path visibility of users across the network to isolate issues with greater clarity. When a user with a ThousandEyes endpoint agent installed on their machine joins a meeting through the Webex App, a Network Path line will be visible under Audio Quality in their participant details page. This line indicates the network path quality of audio data between the user’s client and the audio media node.
In general, audio and video data travel the same path, and serviced by the same media node, so you can get a good sense of what the user's video quality is like, too. The network path quality is displayed as dotted lines. Each dotted line is based on the intervals set in the automated session test.