December 09, 2020 |
35081 view(s) |
14 people thought this was helpful
Set Up Interoperability for Cisco Webex and Jabber
In this article
When your users are in Cisco Webex and also in Cisco Jabber, you can use the interoperability setting to allow people in both apps to communicate with each other.
Interoperability for Cisco Webex and Jabber

This article provides interoperability between your cloud-based Jabber deployment and Webex. This is different to the interoperability between on-premises Jabber deployments and Webex users (see https://www.cisco.com/go/hybrid-services-message for more on that deployment).
With the Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop setting enabled:
People can send or receive messages between Webex and Jabber apps.
Jabber users see a status of On Cisco Webex, when their contact is using Webex.
Deployment Requirements
Supported for Cisco Jabber cloud deployments only.
Before you enable this setting, check the following:
Your organization must be added to the Cisco Platform identity service. You can check in Cisco Webex Control Hub to see if your organization has been added. If your organization hasn't been added, you can contact the Cisco Customer Support team or your Cisco Customer Success Manager to request that your organization is added to the Cisco Platform identity service. This process to add users to the identity service takes some time to complete.
For more information on the request process for Cisco Customer Support or Cisco Customer Success Manager, see this support article.
Cisco Jabber (Webex Messenger) and Webex domains must be identical for the Webex Messenger Org to be synched into the Cisco Platform identity service.
Cisco Directory Connector must be disabled in Control Hub, as this method of managing users is not compatible with how users are managed in a Jabber cloud deployment.
If you use Single Sign On (SSO) for Webex Messenger then you must set up SSO for Cisco Platform identity service. For more information about configuring SSO, see the Cisco Webex Messenger Install and Upgrade documentation.
Known Limitations
Users can only send text between Jabber and Webex, sending any other content is not supported.
You can only send messages in a space with one person, you can't send messages in group spaces.
End-to-end AES encryption is not supported.
All users must have the Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop setting enabled.
When a Jabber user without interop enabled attempts to send a message to an interop enabled user who isn't signed in to Jabber, they receive this message This user is currently offline in Jabber and the message cannot be delivered.
Jabber Requirements
Cisco Jabber clients 11.9 or later.
Ensure the following parameter is set to False in the jabber-config.xml file:<Persistent_Chat_Enabled>False</Persistent_Chat_Enabled>
AES encryption must be disabled in Cisco Webex Messenger Administration Tool (Org Admin). In the Policy Editor tab, disable the Support End-To-End Encryption for IM setting.
Cisco Webex Control Hub Settings
You can enable the Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop setting in Control Hub for your entire organization and then for specific people. The setting is also available as one of the services to choose in the CSV file user setup.
Set Up Messaging Between Cisco Webex and Jabber for Your Organization
When your users are in Webex and also in Cisco Jabber, you can use this setting to allow everyone in both apps to communicate with each other.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and then click Message > Webex Messenger.
If you don't see this option, contact the Cisco Customer Support team or your Cisco Customer Success Manager to request that your organization is added to the Cisco Platform identity service. This process to add users to the identity service takes some time to complete.
2
Scroll to Options, click Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop, and then click Save.
Set Up Messaging between Cisco Webex and Jabber for a User
When your users are in Webex and also in Jabber, you can use this setting to allow a person to communicate with people in both Webex and Jabber.
Before you begin
You must set up messaging between Webex and Jabber for your organization before you see this setting for users.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users.
2
Click on the person and then click Message Free or Message Paid.
3
Click Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop and click Save.
Set Up Messaging between Cisco Webex and Jabber for Many Users
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users and click Manage Users.
2
Choose Export and import users with a CSV template, click Next and then Export.
3
Edit the CSV file that was downloaded, update the Cisco Webex / Jabber Interop column with TRUE and save the file.
4
Click Import, select your file and click Open.
5
Choose either Add services only or Add and remove services, and click Submit.