February 28, 2023 |
8081 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Create a Webex order for a customer
As a partner, you can place an order for either A-WX or A-SPK for your customers and provide provisioning information for services.
We have simplified the way that you place orders for either A-WX or A-SPK for your customers. If this is your first order for a customer, then you can create your partner organization.
1
In Cisco Commerce Workspace, place an order for either A-WX or A-SPK where you simply add the Requested Start Date and the Provisioning Contact Email.
The provisioning contact email is the person who provides the provisioning information. You can use an email alias and when you receive the provisioning email, add the email address of the individual providing the provisioning information.
2
On the requested start date an email is sent to the provisioning contact email. Click on Set Up Now.
If provisioning hasn't started one day after this requested start date then a Cisco account representative will reach out to you.
You can exit the wizard before fully completing. No information is saved and you can start again using the link for Set Up Now.
3
Choose I am a Partner as your role and then click Next.
4
Choose Yes, I will setup to set up the services.

  You can choose Another person in my company will set up to enter another email address and they complete the provisioning. Or you can choose The customer will set up, to allow the customer set up their services, and partners won't have access to manage the customer organization.
5
Choose one and then click Next.
If this is your first order, then add information to create your Webex partner organization.
If this is an existing organization, then review your organization information.
If you do not recognize the organization, contact your Cisco representative and don't continue.
6
Enter the customer admin email address and then click Next.
A user can only belong to one Webex organization at a time.
7
Choose one and then click Next.
If this is a new Webex organization, then confirm the customer information.
If this is an existing organization, verify the correct customer information.
If you do not recognize the organization, contact your Cisco representative and don't continue.
8
Confirm that the customer and partner information is correct, and click Next.
Your order has been successfully set up.
9
For a new Webex partner organization, create a new password for your partner organization.
The service setup wizard launches.
10
Depending on the services you have purchased you can add service settings in the setup wizard:
Subscription Details—Review the information for the services ordered.
Call Settings—Choose call settings for the organization.
Meetings Settings:
If you have new Webex Meetings sites, provision the sites in Control Hub.
If you have already have a Webex Meetings site, you can transfer the site to a CCW Subscription.
Enterprise Settings—Enter a subdomain, click Check Availability, and then click Save.
Provision and Begin Billing—Click on Provision to activate the subscription and start billing for the provisioned services. Billing begins for all the services that you purchased.