May 25, 2023 |
6946 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Configure wireless sharing with Miracast®
Enabling Miracast® allows meeting participants to share content wirelessly from their laptop to a Cisco Board, Desk, or Room Series device without the need for a client.
When enabled, Miracast uses Wi-Fi Direct to establish a direct network connection from a meeting participant’s laptop to the Cisco device. There is no need to connect to a guest network or enterprise Wi-Fi as the solution uses Wi-Fi Direct.
This feature is supported on Board, Desk, and Room Series devices (radio version) on a cabled network connection. If the device has an external Wi-Fi antenna, such as Room Kit Pro, this should be mounted. Users can share from Windows and Android devices. Before enabling Miracast, you should check firewall settings and verify that TCP port 7236 is open on Windows devices in your organization.
Configuration
When activating wireless sharing with Miracast, you can also define whether or not end users are allowed to activate or deactivate the feature themselves. You might want to prevent users from changing the setting themselves to ensure a consistent experience in the meeting room. Or, you might want to allow users to toggle the setting on and off on a Cisco device they use at home.
You can configure wireless sharing with Miracast from the device's local web interface, or from Control Hub:
Access the device's web interface or Control Hub. See the Device Configurations article for more information.
Select the following configuration Video > Input > Miracast > Mode.
Select a setting:
On. Miracast is activated by default and end users can't deactivate it.
Off. Miracast is deactivated by default and end users can't activate it.
Manual. Miracast is deactivated by default, but end users can toggle it on and off themselves from the device's Settings menu > Screen and Video > Miracast.
Optionally, scroll to SystemUnit and enter the device BroadcastName as it appears in the Miracast scan list on sender devices. If you don't define a name, Miracast will use the Webex DisplayName of the device.
Save your changes before closing the web interface or Control Hub.
Detailed information about each setting is available in the Cisco Webex Board, Desk, and Room Series API Reference Guide.