March 09, 2023 |
1334 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Conferencing in the Cisco Headset 560 Series
Cisco headset 560 series comes with the headset conferencing feature enabled by default. You can pair up to three guest Cisco Headset 560 Series headsets to either the standard base or the multibase. With this feature, people that sit near you can connect to each other and to the same call with one base. You can conference headsets both on and off to an active call. If the call source or the multibase is on mute, the conferenced headsets can interact with each other without interfering with the active call. Your administrator can disable the conferencing feature from Control Hub or Cisco Unified Communications Manager.
Pair a guest headset
You can pair up to three guest headsets to a base. Guest headsets retain any tuning or volume settings. Guest headsets are muted by default when they pair. The primary headset plays a tone indication when a guest headset is trying to pair. The primary headset must confirm the guest headset within 10 seconds. A second tone plays when the primary headset accepts the guest for conferencing. The guest headset's original base LED's flash white to show that there is no paired headset.

  When the guest headset tries to pair, the primary headset can't accept any incoming calls until it accepts or rejects the guest headset to the base.
Before you begin
The primary headset must be already paired with the base.

  Make sure that your headset firmware is 2.1(1) or later. For more information about upgrading the headset firmware, see Upgrade Your Cisco Headset 500 Series.
1
Place the guest headset on the base.
2
Press Call on the primary headset to enable the guest headset to join.
3
Press the Mute on the guest headset to join the conversation.
Unpair a guest headset
You can unpair guest headsets from the primary base.
Do one of these actions.
Press and hold Call on the guest headset until you hear a tone.
Place the primary headset on the base. All guest headsets will disconnect.
Change the primary paired headset
You can change the primary headset on your standard base or multibase. When the new headset pairs, the previous primary headset plays a tone and unpairs from the base.
1
On the new headset, hold Mute for five seconds until the headset LED rapidly alternates red and white.
2
Place the new headset on the base.

  You can skip step one if you power cycle the base with the new headset seated in the cradle.
Unpair your primary headset from your base
You can designate a new primary headset and force the old headset to unpair from your base. This is useful in case you can't locate the primary headset and turn it off.

  You can't unpair the primary headset if you have an active call or are in conferencing mode.
1
On your new headset, hold Mute for five seconds. The headset LED alternates red and white.
2
Place the headset on the base. The base designates the new headset as the primary headset and un-pairs with the old headset.
The old primary headset plays a tone indication when it unpairs from the base.