January 20, 2023 |
33088 view(s) |
32 people thought this was helpful
Requirements for Business-to-Business (B2B) SIP Calls To and From the Webex Cloud
You can use these requirements for business-to-business (B2B) SIP calls to and from the Webex cloud across the Internet. They apply if your users make or receive calls between cloud clients ( Webex App apps or Webex-registered devices, such as room devices and Webex Board) and third-party enterprises or services that use SIP.
Outbound from the Webex cloud
The destination of a call must use standards-based SIP Secure (SIPS) URI dialing. Other call protocols or methods, such as insecure SIP over TCP or UDP, H.323, IP dialing, ISDN, Microsoft Lync, or Microsoft Skype for Business, are unsupported.
The destination address must be a URI with both a user and host portion as defined in RFC 3261.
The host portion of a destination URI must be a (sub)domain with a _sips._tcp. DNS SRV record, or either a Fully Qualified Domain Name or IPv4 address of a Session Border Controller (SBC) which has a SIPS server listening on the protocol's default port (TCP 5061).
If the destination is a DNS SRV target or host FQDN, there must be a corresponding DNS A record pointing to IPv4 addresses of any SBCs.
The destination SBC must present a server certificate that is not expired.
If the destination SBC is a Cisco TelePresence VCS or Cisco Expressway, the minimum supported software version is X8.5.3.
Recommended best practices for the destination SBC are:
Present a TLS certificate that contains the SBC's FQDN in either the CN or SAN DNS records.
Present a complete TLS certificate chain including any signing intermediate CA certificates, and the signing root CA certificate.
Present a TLS certificate signed by a trusted public root Certificate Authority (CA). For the list of root CAs trusted by Webex, see Supported Certificate Authorities for Cisco Webex .
Have a DNS PTR record configured for the SBC's FQDN.
Additional notes to keep in mind:
Webex App users or devices that use Webex Hybrid Calling must have their B2B calling requirements defined by the on-premises equipment configuration, such as Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Cisco Expressway.
You can test your SBC's DNS SRV records and connectivity using the Cisco TAC Collaboration Solutions Analyzer .
Inbound to the Webex cloud
The originating Session Border Controller (SBC) of a call must use standards-based SIP Secure (SIPS) URI dialing. Other call protocols or methods, such as insecure SIP over TCP or UDP, H.323, IP dialing, ISDN, Microsoft Lync, or Microsoft Skype for Business, are not supported.
The originating SBC must be configured to use a DNS server capable of performing DNS A record and SRV record lookups.
The originating SBC must be capable of using the _sips._tcp DNS SRV record corresponding to the subdomain in the dialed URI's host portion to locate the FQDN of the Webex SIPS server, and resolving the A record for the FQDN to determine the IPv4 address to connect to. The originating SBC must be able to connect to the Webex SIPS server on the IP address determined from the DNS lookups, and be able to negotiate SIP over TLSv1.1 or TLSv1.2.
If the originating SBC supplies an FQDN in its Contact header, there must be an accompanying DNS A record which resolves this FQDN to an IPv4 address.
The originating SBC must use a SIP INVITE message to initiate a call rather than a SIP OPTIONS message.

  If you use a Cisco TelePresence Video Communication Server (VCS) or Expressway to interwork the call from H.323, you must create a DNS zone for Webex with the Zone profile set to Custom and Automatically respond to SIP searches set to On. The VCS or Expressway's Search Rules must likewise be configured to route B2B calls for Webex to this DNS zone.
If the originating SBC is a Cisco TelePresence VCS or Cisco Expressway, the minimum supported software version is X8.5.3.
Recommended best practices for the originating SBC are:
Present a TLS certificate signed for both client and server usage.
Present a TLS certificate that contains the SBC's FQDN in either the CN or SAN DNS records.
Present a complete TLS certificate chain including any signing intermediate CA certificates, and the signing root CA certificate.
Present a TLS certificate signed by a trusted public root Certificate Authority (CA). For the list of root CAs trusted by Webex, see Supported Certificate Authorities for Cisco Webex .
Have a DNS PTR record configured for the SBC's IPv4 address which points to the SBC's FQDN.
Establish a mutual TLS connection to the Cisco Collaboration Cloud on TCP port 5062.
If you are using a Cisco VCS-Expressway or Cisco Expressway-Edge as the SBC, this can be done using a custom DNS zone for Webex which has the TLS verify mode and Modify DNS request options set to On, and the TLS verify subject name and Domain to search for fields set to callservice.ciscospark.com. For more information, see the Deployment Guide for Hybrid Call Service , section Configure the Expressway-E for Hybrid Call Service Connect.
Note that if implementing this recommendation, the above recommendations regarding the SBC's TLS certificates will be mandatory or else the calls will fail.
Additional notes to keep in mind:
The above requirements also apply for connecting to Webex App meetings that do not use a Webex site.
The above requirements apply for calls to a user or device's Webex SIP URI.
Required Firewall and Network Ports
Please note that these network ports are subject to change without notice, depending on demand capacity and other cloud requirements. These ports also only refer to the connections between the Webex platform and destination or originating SBC, and do not reflect the connection between the Webex platform and Webex App apps or devices.
Signaling for calls to Webex: SIPS via TLS over TCP to cloud ports 5061–5062
Signaling for calls from Webex: SIPS via TLS from ephemeral TCP cloud ports 1024–61000
Media (audio, video, screen share, and so on) to and from Webex for inbound or outbound calls: RTP, RTCP, BFCP, UDT over UDP to and from cloud ports 33434–33598. Ports on the SBC depend on the SBC configuration/ By default, a Cisco VCS-E or Expressway-E uses UDP 36000-59999.
Media Flow Information
The media flow for Webex App calls depends on what is configured in your deployment. For more information about the media flows and how they're influenced when various components are involved, see the following documentation:
Network Requirements for Webex App Services (Cloud only)
Video Mesh Deployment Guide (Video Mesh nodes to keep media on-premises)
Hybrid Calling Deployment Guide (Calling that is anchored on-premises)