December 20, 2022 |
10376 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Configure macros and user interface extensions for Board, Desk, and Room Series
Create custom controls for your users with UI extensions and macros.
Macros
A macro is a small JavaScript program that runs locally on your video device. For instance, you can program your device to automatically answer incoming calls from specific numbers.
Macros can run Application Programming Interface (API) commands for your Webex devices, as well as for third-party systems.
All active macros are running in a single process on the video device, called the Runtime. From the device web interface you can start and stop the runtime, as needed. The Runtime is sandboxed, and the code is securely isolated from the standard software of the device.
You can manage macros from Control Hub or the Macro Editor in the device web interface. To configure macros from Control Hub, you need to first enable macro provisioning for your devices.
UI extensions
A UI extension is a custom button or panel that you create yourself and add to the touch screen of your device. For example, add a "Quick Dial" button to call a frequently used number, or program your device to automatically answer calls from specific numbers.
UI extensions can also control third-party peripherals, such as lights, blinds, and video switches. When the video device and peripherals are controlled from the same user interface, you get a consistent user experience in the meeting room. Communication with the third-party control systems is done through the third-party API.
The open platform enables you to create customizations that attach to your existing workflows; thus, allowing you to create additional value beyond the core Webex offering.
Some examples include:
Displaying custom web server data on the main screen.
Reporting problems to a ticketing system.
Collecting acoustics data from the room and sending it to a webserver where it can be plotted.
Controlling third-party peripherals, such as lights, blinds, and video switchers.
You can create UI extensions from the UI Extensions Editor in the device web interface.
Enable Control Hub provisioning of macros

Configure macros from Control Hub




Create macros from the device web interface



Create UI extensions from the device web interface