May 09, 2023 |
3909 view(s) |
51 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Space sections
Organize and manage all your spaces into sections that you create. For example, easily drag and drop spaces to sections, to keep specific project work spaces together. Expand and collapse sections to give your space list a clean look.
Webex App provides you with two sections by default: Favorites and Other.
Spaces that you have saved as a favorite in the past automatically appear in the Favorites section. The Other section includes all other spaces in your list.

  Space sections on iOS devices reflect the changes that you make to space sections on Desktop devices. Currently, you can only expand and collapse created sections in iOS devices.
You can create up to 200 sections.
Create a section
You can create a section in several ways.
1
To create a section:
In the app header, click , then choose Create a section.
In an existing section header, click , then choose Create section.
Right-click an existing section header, then choose Create section.
Right-click any space in the list for which you want to create a section, then choose Create section.
2
Enter a name for the section, then click Create.

  A section name can have a maximum of 25 characters.
Move a space into a section
You can move a space into a section in several ways.
Click to drag a space in the list, hover over the section, and drop to add the space.
Right-click the space in the list, choose Move to section, select the section and click Add.
When in a space, click Space information > Move this space to a section, select the section, and click Add.
Expand and collapse sections
The space list highlights the section header when there are new messages inside collapsed sections. Expanding the section header lets you see the spaces that contain new messages.
1
Click the section header to expand, and click again to collapse.

  You can also right-click any section header, and select Collapse all sections.
2
For iOS devices, tap the section header to expand, and tap again to collapse.

  To collapse all sections, long press any section and tap Collapse all sections.
Rename a section
You can rename a section that you created.
Right-click the section header, and select Rename.

  You can't rename the Favorite and Other sections.
Remove a section
When you remove a section, the spaces in that section move to the Other section.
Right-click the section header, then select Remove section.

  You can't remove the Favorite and Other sections.