May 12, 2023 |
41980 view(s) |
242 people thought this was helpful
Set or reset your voicemail PIN
Use your phone, Webex Settings user portal, or the Webex App to manage your voicemail and settings. These settings will sync between applications when saved.

Your administrator must have enabled the voicemail feature for you to access and configure various settings. If you’re not finding any voicemail settings such as reset pin, voicemail greetings and notifications, check with your administrator.
Depending on what you're doing, you can use your phone, the Webex Settings user portal, and the Webex App to manage your voicemail and settings. For example, you can configure certain settings such as recording and changing personal greetings, listening to voice messages, resetting the PIN from your phone and Webex Setting user portal.
Before you begin
Keep in mind that Webex users can't set up a second voicemail account.
1
Log in to https://settings.webex.com .
2
Under My Profile, click Reset Voicemail PIN option, or click the icon and choose Reset Voicemail PIN.
The Reset voicemail PIN dialog box opens.
3
Enter your New Voicemail PIN within the following requirements.
Must be at least six digits long. Numbers only.
Must not be any of your previous ten PINs (twenty-four, in case of government customers).

  Note: This number is a system setting.
Must not be the reverse order of your old PIN.
Must not match the numeric representation of your first or last name.
Must not contain your phone number or extension number.
Must not contain single or groups of repeated digits (for example, 228883, 121212, or 408408).
Must not be a numerical sequence (for example, 012345 or 987654).
Must not contain numbers that are dialed in a straight line on the keypad.
4
Reenter your PIN in Confirm Voicemail PIN and click Submit.
What to do next
Once the voicemail account is set up, you can check and listen to your voice messages from Webex App, User Portal, or Phone, and configure various voicemail settings such as voicemail transcription, voicemail greetings, voicemail notifications, and so on.