January 20, 2023 |
125838 view(s) |
496 people thought this was helpful
Ways to add users to your Control Hub organization
Choose a method to add or manage users that best suits your organization.
All of these methods send an automated email invitation to your users, but you can choose to suppress automated emails and manually send your own email invitations.
Before you add users, you can set up your automatic license assignment template. The licenses in the template are automatically assigned to new users as you add users with any of the available methods.
User management method
Description
Synchronize users from Active Directory
If your company uses Active Directory, you can add users and synchronize them from your Active Directory with Webex Directory Connector. The Directory Connector is an essential tool for synchronizing your Active Directory with the backend Cisco cloud directory and allows your users to use cloud services such as Webex Meetings and Webex App services. After adding users through this method, use any of the following options to assign services to your users:
After the sync status screen, you can select services to add them to all users at once. You can make individual modifications later.
At any time after you synchronize your users into Webex, you can entitle specific users through an exported CSV template, outlined in Modify users in Control Hub with the CSV template.
Synchronize users from Okta
Synchronize users from Azure AD
If you're using Okta or Azure AD for user management, you can add Webex as an application and then synchronize users from the directories in to your organization managed in Control Hub. No on-premises infrastructure or connectors are required. This integration keeps your user list in sync whenever a user is created, updated, or removed from the application in Okta or Azure AD.
Add users manually in Control Hub
Edit service licenses in Control Hub for individual users
The easiest approach is to add individual users by email or update services for users one-by-one.
If you're using Webex App as a pilot project, we recommend that you add a few users with this method so they can try out and get familiar with the services.

  If you synchronize your users from a directory such as Active Directory, you cannot add users manually in Control Hub. Use Directory Connector to add your users.
Add multiple users in Control Hub with the CSV template
Modify users in Control Hub with the CSV Template
CSV upload is the best way to add up to 20,000 users at the same time. You download a spreadsheet template as a CSV (comma-separated file), enter the email addresses of all the users you want to add, assign service licenses to those users, and then upload the file to your organization.
Add users with People API
You can use People API to add users to an organization automatically. You can also use this API to assign licenses and admin roles to users.
Assign organization account roles in Control Hub
If you're a customer administrator with full privileges, you can assign roles with different privileges to any user in your organization.
Claim users to Your organization (convert users)
As a customer administrator, you can claim the accounts of your users who registered on their own for a Webex account. After you do so, they can use features included in the subscription for your organization. You can also check and update the license assignments for these users during the user claim review.

  The migrate content feature applies only to personal Webex accounts. You can migrate a user from one enterprise organization to another, but you can't transfer their Webex conversations. Deleting your original organization permanently deletes all of the information associated with your organization, including data for all users. You'll lose data like Webex App messages and files, and all Webex Meetings data including Webex Meetings URLs and meeting recordings.
When a user is claimed, all of their content in their previous organization will be permanently deleted.
User self-registration (users sign themselves up) and sideboarding (users invited by other users). This option is available to users by default.
Read how to Prevent users from self-registering with your domain.
"Self-registration" is when users sign themselves up for Webex. Anybody can do this with any Webex client, and all they need to do is provide an email address as an identifier.
We also use the term "sideboarding" if a user invites another user to join Webex, and the invited user signs up independently of their organization.
When people sign up like this, by default Webex creates their accounts in a general organization that contains all the 'free' users—those who are not part of a paid subscription to Webex services.
This can cause some extra administration for you if you are managing a 'paid' organization. Pretend your company email addresses are like user1@example.com, user2@example.com.
Independent of any other user creation process, user3 downloads Webex and signs in for the first time with user3@example.com. Webex creates user3 in the general organization by default.
Now you need to claim the user into your organization before you can manage user 3’s services like you do for user1 and user2.
You can avoid this scenario by claiming the domainexample.com before users sign up. If your organization also has SSO and the auto-assignment template in place, the flow for user3 would be as follows:
They download the client and provide the email address user3@example.com. This domain is claimed, so user3 cannot become a member of the general organization. Webex creates the user via sideboarding and then redirects the user to your identity provider (IDP). They authenticate at the IDP and gain access to their Webex account. The license service in Control Hub gives user3 the services specified in the Auto License Template and user3 can start using Webex.
Resend an invitation email from Control Hub
Delete a user from your organization in Control Hub
Bulk delete users with the REST API
Use these tasks for the following:
Resend an email invitation for Webex App, either as a reminder or if a user never received one.
Delete users from your organization if they no longer work there or the account information is incorrect.