September 27, 2022 |
5567 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Webex Features available on Cisco MPP devices
The MPP devices connected to the Webex Calling platform are now on boarded to the Webex Cloud. Future MPP features will include Webex Meetings access from MPP Device, Webex Directory and Contact searches, Webex User Presence and MPP Serviceability requests. The features currently available are documented below.
Table 1. Webex features on MPP devices
Webex feature
Feature Description
Supported MPP Devices
Webex Onboarding*
Devices are automatically onboarded to Webex as part of the Webex Calling onboarding process.
All MPP Series (8800/7800/6800)
Webex Lifecycle Management
Support for Reboot and Report Problem (Upload PRT requests)
All MPP Series (8800/7800/6800). See Manage a device for a user for details.
Webex Directory Search
MPP devices can search the Webex Directory for Webex Contacts.
All MPP Series (8800/7800/6800)
Webex Unified Call History
MPP devices receive Call History from Webex which includes calls from all Devices including Webex Video devices and Webex App.

  Webex Unified Call History is not supported for workspaces. To enable call history on the workspace device, administrators must use the Device Settings feature and set the Call History parameter to Local Call History for the device.
All MPP Series (8800/7800/6800)

*See the MPP Webex Aware Onboarding Annoucement article for onboarding instructions.
Onboard a new MPP device to Webex using MAC address or activation code
When adding an MPP device to the Webex Calling platform using MAC address or Activation Code, the device connects to both the Webex and Webex Calling platforms as part of the onboarding process.
The device indicates the Webex connection by displaying the Cloud icon as shown in the diagram.
Onboard an existing MPP device to Webex
For MPP devices currently registered to the Webex Calling platform, the devices connect to both the Webex and Webex Calling platforms when feature is enabled in device configuration and downloaded from the platform.
The device indicates the Webex connection by displaying the Cloud icon as shown in the diagram below.
Control Hub status indicators for Webex enabled MPP devices
Webex Device Status Indicators
The Control Hub indicates the Webex connection by displaying the following status:
Webex Aware – All MPP 68xx/78xx/88xx devices connected to Webex Calling indicates Webex Aware on Control Hub. If an MPP device isn’t Webex Aware, ensure that the Webex feature domains are enabled per the Port Reference Information for Cisco Webex Calling and the MPP Webex Aware Onboarding Annoucement articles. If problems still persist, contact Cisco TAC support.
Online – The device is connected to the Webex Platform.
Offline – The device status has not been provided to the Webex Platform for the last 4 hours.
Expired – The device status has not been provided to the Webex Platform over 30 days.
Activating – An Activation Code is generated but the device is not onboarded.
This image shows the Webex Aware status in the green box and the Webex Calling registration status in the blue box.
Webex Calling Device Registration Status indicators:
– This indicates that the line on the device is registered to Webex Calling.
– This indicates that the line on the device isn’t registered to Webex Calling.