May 19, 2022 |
8813 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
System Requirements for Webex Cloud-Connected UC
Use this information to learn about the supported products, supported Unified CM, IM and Presence, Emergency Responder releases, and recommended configurations for Webex Cloud-Connected UC on-premises devices.
The following products support Webex Cloud-Connected UC services:
Cisco Unified Communications Manager
Cisco Unified Communications Manager IM & Presence Service
Cisco Unity Connection
Cisco Emergency Responder

Not all the products support all features.
The supported Unified CM releases are:
Unified CM 11.5(x)
Unified CM 12.0(x)
Unified CM 12.5(x)
Unified CM 14
The supported Cisco Unity Connection releases are:
Cisco Unity Connection 11.x
Cisco Unity Connection 12.x
Cisco Unity Connection 14
To know the endpoints that are supported by Webex Cloud-Connected UC, see Cisco Endpoints Supported on Unified CM releases.

Webex Cloud-Connected UC supports both Non-Secure and Mixed modes for Unified CM cluster deployments.
Webex Cloud-Connected UC does not support FIPS-enabled Unified CM, IM and Presence Service, and Cisco Unity Connection.
For information about organization account roles and entitlements, see Assign Organization Account Roles in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Space requirements
The space requirement for telemetry service is 3 MB for executables.
For log files, 10 MB in the folder path.
CPU and Memory (RAM) Usage: The Webex Cloud-Connected UC service runs with low priority. This helps in restricting the service to minimize CPU usage. The service runs with approximately 345 MB of RAM. The CPU usage is 12%.
The Webex Cloud-Connected UC service when installed takes about 155 MB of disk space for Voice Operating System (VOS) based products such as, Unified CM and IM & Presence.
A disk-based buffering is done. The buffering size varies 20–100 MB based on the product and the size of the server deployment. For more information, see Buffer Size Calculation.
To know the settings that we recommend, refer to Configure Call Diagnostics section in the Administration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager for your respective Unified CM release at:
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/unified-communications/unified-communications-manager-callmanager/products-maintenance-guides-list.html

Webex Cloud-Connected UC does not support if a system is in Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) mode.
Mandatory Cisco Unified Communications Manager Settings:
CDR Enabled Flag must be set to True, CDR Log Calls with Zero Duration Flag must be set to True, and Call Diagnostics Enabled flag service parameters must be set to Enabled Only When CDR Enabled Flag is True or to Enabled Regardless of CDR Enabled Flag in all the Unified CM nodes in a cluster.
Ensure that the Cisco CDR Repository Manager network service is running on all publisher nodes and the Cisco CDR Agent network service is running on all nodes in the Unified CM clusters. With this setting, UC Analytics in the Control Hub can analyze Call Details Record (CDR) and CMR files.
Cisco CDR Repository Manager and Cisco CDR Agent are network services from the Cisco Unified Serviceability. You can find them at Tools > Control Center - Network Services. Ensure that they're running.
To avoid delays or error in Webex Cloud-Connected UC analysis and operations, we recommend that you set CDR File Time Interval to 1.
Configure the Unified CM clusters with Network Time Protocol (NTP). The NTP server should be synchronized with the international UTC clock. The Unified CM server time is used in the telemetry data sent to cloud and used for processing. Mismatch in the timings between the NTP server and the international UTC clock can cause the data to be discarded.
The Cisco Log Partition Monitoring (LPM) Tool must be running on the Unified CM publisher. This service cleans up CDR and CMR files that are copied to the telemetry service. This service is available from Tools > Control Center - Network Services on the Cisco Unified Serviceability page in Cisco Unified Serviceability.

If the CDR and LPM services were already running before the telemetry service is installed for the first time, the services are restarted. For subsequent upgrades, the services are not restarted. They may be restarted by the telemetry service occasionally. Restart of these services does not cause loss of CDR and LPM data.
For more information about the previously mentioned Unified CM settings, refer to the Administration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager for your respective Unified CM release at:
https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/unified-communications/unified-communications-manager-callmanager/products-maintenance-guides-list.html
What to do next
For information about Webex Cloud-Connected UC network requirements, see Network Requirements for Webex Cloud-Connected UC.
For information about supported endpoints on Webex Cloud-Connected UC, see List of Cisco Endpoints Supported on Unified CM Releases.
For information about how to onboard Webex Cloud-Connected UC on-premises devices, see Set Up Webex Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.