March 07, 2023 |
37555 view(s) |
57 people thought this was helpful
Enable End-to-End Encryption Using End-to-End Encryption Session Types
Use the E2E Encryption + Identity session type to ensure that the audio, video, and shared content in Webex Meetings and Webex Support are end-to-end encrypted.
The following end-to-end encryption session types are available by request for your Webex site.
Webex Meetings
E2E Encryption + Identity —Webex Starter, Plus, Business, and Enterprise plans.
Pro 3 Free-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly and Pro 3 Free50-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly—Webex Free plans.
Broadworks Standard plus end to end encryption and Broadworks Premium plus end to end encryption—Webex for Cisco BroadWorks plans.
Education Instructor E2E Encryption_VOIPonly
Webex Support
SC-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly—Enterprise plans.
The above session types support end-to-end encrypted content share, video, and VoIP audio.

  If you select one of the Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) session types, such as Pro-End to End Encryption, Pro-Dsh-End to End Encryption, or Pro1000-End to End Encryption, audio isn't end-to-end encrypted. All other media channels are end-to-end encrypted.
The following features are not available for end-to-end encryption session types:
SIP and H.323 video devices
Linux and VDI clients
Network-Based Recording (NBR)
PSTN audio (Call me and Call in options)
Enable end-to-end encryption session types for users

  This step only applies if you're on a Webex Free plan created before March 18, 2020, or on a Webex Starter, Plus, Business, or Enterprise plan.
After end-to-end encryption session types have been enabled on your Webex site, you must set end-to-end encryption session types as the default for new users, then enable the session types for existing users, depending on if you manage your Webex site in Control Hub or Site Administration.
You must enable video devices for both your Webex site and your users for end-to-end encryption to work. For more information, see Allow video systems to join meetings and events on your Webex site.
Control Hub
Site Admin
Before you begin
You must enable video devices at both the site and user levels for end-to-end encryption to work.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, then under go to Services, select Meeting > Sites.
2
Select the Webex site for which you want to change the settings, and then select Configure Site.
3
Under Common Settings, select Session Types.
4
Locate the session types available for your plan, check Default for New Users, and then select Update.
E2E Encryption + Identity —Webex Starter, Plus, Business, and Enterprise plans for Webex Meetings.
Pro 3 Free-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly—Webex Free plans.
SC-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly—Webex Enterprise plan for Webex Support.
5
(Optional) Customize the session type to add or remove functionality that works with end-to-end encryption.
6
To ensure that these session types are enabled for specific users:
Go to Users and select the user.
In the panel that opens on the right, in the Services section, select Meeting.
Under Webex Meeting Sites, select the Webex site, and make sure that the Pro 3 Free-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly, E2E Encryption + Identity, or Webex Support SC-End to End Encryption_VOIPonly check boxes are checked, and then select Save.

  To enable these session types for multiple users, see Webex Meetings CSV file import and export in Control Hub.
7
To make these session types mandatory, uncheck the check boxes for all other session types.
When users schedule their meetings, only the session types you've enabled will be available.
8
Select Update.
Now that you've enabled end-to-end encryption session types for your users, let them know that they have to sign in to their Webex site and go to Preferences > Audio and Video, and then click Save for audio to work with their meetings.