January 20, 2023 |
3607 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Enable webhooks for alerts in Control Hub
You can set up a webhook callback URL so that alerts show up in third-party applications.
Overview
Control Hub offers an Alerts Center which allows you to create, manage, and receive alerts on various events across your Webex deployment through multiple delivery channels. The delivery channels that Alert Center currently support are through email, Webex App spaces, and in Control Hub.
Now, webhooks is being added as another delivery channel. Webhooks allow admins to consume generated alerts in different collaboration apps, ticketing systems in IT service management (ITSM) tools, custom dashboards, or any other applications that support webhooks.
The admin can specify a webhook callback URL in Control Hub. After providing a callback URL, you can select the webhook option as an additional delivery channel in the rules for new or existing alerts. See below for steps on how to configure webhooks.
Here's an example of what the JSON element for an alert webhook looks like:
{
"orgId": "1ab23cde-4567-890f-1234-gh56ijk07l891",
"title": "title",
"summary" : "notification for a test alert",
"actionUrl" : "www.actionURL.com",
"severity" : "HIGH",
"eventType" : "created",
"resourceType": "ControlHubAlerts",
"type": "Meeting",
"subtype": "Live Meeting Monitoring",
}
Set up a webhook callback URL
You must first add a webhook callback URL before you can enable rules to use webhoooks.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Organization settings.
2
Scroll to the Alerts section.
3
Under Webhook callback URL, add the URL that you want to use.

  You can also choose to add a secure token for the webhook. View this blog to learn more about secure tokens.
4
Click Save.
Enable webhook in a rule
After setting up a webhook URL, you can set up rules to use webhooks as a delivery channel.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Alerts center, and click Manage.
2
In the All rules tab, select a rule.
3
In the Delivery Method section, check the Webhook checkbox.
4
Click Save.