December 01, 2022 |
13923 view(s) |
49 people thought this was helpful
Mute all participants during meetings on Board, Desk, and Room Series
As a host, you can mute all participants during meetings directly from your Cisco device.
This feature allows the host and co-host of a Webex Meeting to:
Mute all: all participants are muted, except the host and the participant who is currently sharing.
Unmute all: all participants are able to unmute themselves.
Two toggles are available by selecting the More button:
Mute all on entry: you can choose whether participants joining in the meeting are muted or not.
Allow to unmute self: you can allow or prevent participants to unmute themselves.
Request participants to unmute
When a participant is muted, the host and co-host can request them to unmute directly from the participant list. Tap on the participant's name and select Request unmute. The participant receives a notification asking them to unmute.
Limitations
In Webex meetings or personal room meetings, only the host and co-host can mute all participants. All features listed above are available.
In Webex space meetings, everyone can mute all participants. However, the other features listed above (unmute all, mute on entry, request participants to unmute, and allow participants to unmute themselves) are not available.
Participants joining from platforms, devices, or Webex Meeting apps version that don't support the option Allow/prevent attendees to unmute themselves are still able to unmute themselves. For example, a participant joining from an Android device is seen as muted, but can unmute.
Mute all doesn't mute a participant who is currently sharing.
Board, Desk, Room Series
DX, MX, SX Series
1
In a call or a meeting, tap the Participants button in the call controls on your device or touch controller.
2
Tap Mute All. All participants are now muted except the participant currently sharing. Tap Unmute all when you want everyone to be heard again.
Tap the More button to access these related options:
When you select to mute all, the toggle Mute all on entry turns on automatically and participants joining the meeting are muted.
When you turn off the toggle Allow to unmute self, the participants are muted and can't unmute themselves.
When you turn on the toggle Allow to unmute self, the participants are muted, but can unmute themselves.
When you tap Unmute All, Mute all on entry turns off and Allow to unmute self turns on. The participants coming into the meeting aren't muted, and the participants in the meeting are now able to unmute themselves.