November 21, 2022 |
2655 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980
Try these steps if you're having issues with your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.
First steps
Try these solutions first if you experience problems with your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.
Make sure your headset is fully charged. See Charge your Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980.
Make sure your headset is on.
Disconnect other active Bluetooth ® devices.
Increase the volume on your headset or call device.
Try connecting with the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter. Some older Bluetooth ® devices can't connect with the more modern Bluetooth 5.1 standard, causing sound and call quality issues. The USB adapter enables you to enjoy a high-quality wireless experience from any compatible device with a USB port.
Download the Bang & Olufsen mobile app to your mobile device and run the available software updates. See, Customize your headset with the Bang & Olufsen app.
Move your headset closer to your desired call device and away from any potential sources of radio interference or obstructions.
Make sure that the Bluetooth drivers on your Windows or Mac device are up to date.
If none of the above solutions work, you can open a TAC case for more assistance. All Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 headsets come with a one-year hardware warranty. To open a TAC case, go to https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/index.html, and click Open New Case.

  Be sure to have your headset serial number or original sales order on hand before you open a new case.
Update your headset
Firmware updates improve your audio experience or add new functionality to your headset. We recommend that you always install the latest software version to your headset when possible. The Bang & Olufsen mobile app alerts you whenever there is new software available.
For information on the latest firmware release, see Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 release notes.
1
Select your headset in the Bang & Olufsen app.
2
Tap Settings in the top-right corner of the screen.
3
Tap Product Settings > Software > Update software.

  It usually takes 5 to 10 minutes for your headset to update. The screen displays the estimated remaining time on your update.
Factory reset your headset
A factory reset clears all saved Bluetooth ® connections and resets all headset settings to their default factory values.

  A factory reset also erases the connection to the USB HD Adapter. See Pair the USB HD Adapter to your headset to learn how to pair your headset to the adapter.
1
You can initiate a factory reset in the following ways:
Press and hold the Power button on the bottom of the right ear cup for eight seconds.
In the Bang & Olufsen app, tap Settings > Product settings > Troubleshoot > Factory reset.
The LED above the button flashes red when the reset is complete.

  Completely close and reopen the Bang & Olufsen app before you try to pair your headset to the app after a factory reset.
Clean your headset
To clean your headset, use only a dry soft cloth to gently wipe the ear pads, microphone, and headset base. Do not apply liquids or powders directly to the headset. As with all non-weatherproof electronics, liquids and powders can damage the components, cause failures, and will void the headset warranty.