November 11, 2022 |
1626 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
Configure call intercept in Control Hub
As a customer administrator, you can intercept incoming or outgoing calls. With call intercept, you can disconnect a location’s or user's or workspace's phone lines and play a detailed announcement for callers and provide alternate routing options. You can configure call intercept at location level, user level, and workspace level.
Configure for a location
Configure for a user
Configure for a workspace
You can intercept incoming or outgoing calls for a location. If a user or place already has intercept enabled, those settings override any location intercept settings that you configure.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services > Calling > Locations.
2
Select the location that you’d like to configure for Location Intercept.
3
Toggle to enable Call Intercept.
4
Under Incoming Calls, choose Allow all incoming calls or Intercept all incoming calls.
5
If you choose Intercept all incoming calls, choose the features that you need.
To send location calls to the voicemail of an individual user, check the Send all calls to voicemail check box.
When choosing Announcements, select the default greeting, or upload a custom audio greeting from the drop-down list and then click Upload File.

  The audio (WAV) file must meet specified requirements.
6
Under Phone Number Announcements, choose from the following options, and enter the number redirects:
Play new number announcements—This number is announced to the caller as the new number to call. This number can be an internal company number or extension, or a valid e164 external PSTN number.
Transfer on '0' to this phone number—The caller is transferred to the number entered when 0 is pressed.

  If both of these options are checked, it’s possible to enter two different numbers for each option, but it results in a misleading announcement message.
Example, if the Play new number announcements are set to 1111 and the Transfer on '0' to this phone number to 2222, callers hear the message "The number you’re trying to reach is out of service. The new number is 1111. Press 0 now if you wish to be transferred to the new location." In this case, pressing '0' sends callers to 2222 rather than 1111.
7
For Outgoing Calls, choose from the following:
Intercept all outgoing calls—When the user attempts an outgoing call, they hear a message telling them their line is out of service.
Allow only national outgoing calls—A user from the intercepted location will only be allowed to make national calls.
Transfer intercepted calls to a phone number—When a user from the intercepted location makes any outgoing call, the call is transferred to a designated number.
8
Click Save.