July 19, 2023 |
7471 view(s) |
36 people thought this was helpful
Webex Calling for Chrome
As a Webex Calling user, you can be productive while working in Google Workspace by placing calls directly from the Google Chrome browser, without the need for a separate desktop application. Webex Calling for Chrome is available as an extension in the Google Chrome Web Store. Webex Calling for Chrome delivers a powerful suite of enterprise calling features through an intuitive, browser-based softphone.
Prerequisites
Webex Calling for Chrome is available to all Webex Calling users with a Professional license. Visit Chrome Webstore and search for Webex Calling for Chrome to add it as an extension into your Chrome and Edge Chromium browser. The extension works on desktop operating systems that support Chrome and Edge Chromium. The following Operating Systems are supported:
Windows 10 and above
Mac OS version 11 Mountain Lion (or later)
ChromeOS
Linux Ubuntu, 22.04.2 or higher
Calling features
Webex Calling for Chrome supports the following calling features:
Incoming and outgoing call
Search for a user in the corporate directory and call from the search results
Outgoing call from keypad
Click to call a phone number from any Google workspace application and Chrome web page
Receive inbound call notifications in the client
Call hold and resume
View history of placed, received, and missed calls from call history
Call transfer—Consult first and transfer now
Voicemail with message waiting indication (MWI) and transcript in the client
Limitations and restrictions
The following are the known limitations and restrictions of Webex Calling for Chrome:
Calling from the web client uses default audio input and output devices of the system. There’s no support for the user to select a specific device from the client. If you have multiple devices, for example, a docking station with a monitor, then you must select the audio input/output device of the monitor in the OS settings (for example, Windows settings).
You can have only one browser client that is connected to Webex Calling. If you sign in from another instance of the client, you are signed out from the earlier session.
Web client users in India can’t make or receive PSTN calls.
For administrators only. If you are using Control Hub to view analytics for Webex Calling for Chrome, the endpoint type within the Call Legs by Endpoint Type section of the Calling Media Quality dashboard displays as Unknown. For detailed information on how to use Control Hub Analytics, see Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio.
The Browser application type counts against the per user limit of 35 shared line appearances. If the Webex Calling for Chrome extension fails to register to Webex Calling, have your administrator do the following:
In Control Hub, go to Calling > User call experience > Application line assignment.
Check the setting of the Web check box.
If Web is unchecked, remove some shared line associations.

If you are using an older version of the Webex Call extension, then we recommend that you migrate to the Webex Calling for Chrome extension.
User
Administrator
Add Webex Calling for Chrome
Sign in to Webex Calling
Make a call
Transfer a call

Hold or resume a call
Receive a call

Listen to voicemail



Manage call settings
Access your profile menu
Minimize Webex Calling for Chrome

Extension options in Webex Calling for Chrome