July 12, 2022 |
13240 view(s) |
77 people thought this was helpful
Install and Use the Cisco Proximity App
Cisco Proximity allows users to share content wirelessly, place calls and control video conferencing devices from their laptop, when they are close to a video conferencing device.
When Cisco Proximity is enabled, the video conferencing device transmits ultrasound pairing messages. These messages are received by nearby devices with the Cisco Proximity client, which can then pair automatically with the video conferencing device.
Cisco recommends deploying the Webex app for wireless sharing, device control and easy meeting join. But where that's not possible, Cisco Proximity provides a lightweight and device-centric alternative without infrastructure dependencies.
Administrators should read about enabling Cisco Proximity and its services, here .
You can download the Cisco Proximity app free of charge for Windows or OS X:
1
Go to Cisco Proximity .
2
Click Get Cisco Proximity for Windows (or Mac).
3
Once downloaded, double-click to run the installer.
4
Click Install to install the app for your user only, or click Advanced if you want to install it for all users.
5
Click Finish when the installation is complete.
When you enter a room with a Proximity enabled video system, open the app. It will search for and connect to an enabled device, and pair automatically. Note that your computer and the video device need to be on the same network.
To share your screen on the video system: click Share Screen or use the keyboard shortcut Alt+F12 . Click Stop Sharing on the app to end the share.
To place a call using the app click Make a Call . Search for the perosn or dial an address. Then click Call . You'll see the regular call controls on your computer screen and can Share , adjust the Volume , Mute , type on the Keypad and End the call.
Cisco Proximity doesn't work outside the meeting room when doors to the room are closed. You need to be close to the video device to use the feature.