July 27, 2023 |
17643 view(s) |
47 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset 730 Release Notes
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved.
New features
Open and resolved bugs
Known limitations
Beta release
Download
Supported countries
July 13, 2023
Version 1-12-0-154
Mute status sync over Bluetooth
Your headset supports mute or unmute status sync over Bluetooth connection with IP phones. For more information, see Cisco IP Phone 8800 Series Multiplatform Phones Release Notes for Firmware Release 12.0(2).
Minor bug fixes
Bug fixes in this release include improvements to audio controls in the multiple calls and multiple hosts experience. We've also improved volume control sync over Bluetooth on Mac.
October 31, 2022
Version 1-11-0-165
Voice activated microphone
Join calls or meetings without worrying about noisy keyboards, pets, or people talking in the background. The voice activated microphone feature uses audio intelligence AI to eliminate any noise from your environment when you aren't speaking. This feature is enabled by default, but you can disable it through the Cisco Headsets app.
June 13, 2022
Version 1-9-0-88
New voice notifications
Your headset has new prompts for when you connect to a Webex Desk Hub or Webex Desk Mini via Bluetooth.
Improved incoming call experience
Your headset now only sends one alert when you have an incoming call. Previously, your headset endlessly played the incoming call notification.
Minor bug fixes
Bug fixes in this release include improvements to call controls with older iPhone models and upgrades through the Cisco Headsets mobile app. We've also improved the calling experience on Microsoft Teams.
January 11, 2022
Version 1-8-0-213
Personalize your headset name in the Cisco Headsets app
You can give your headset a unique name through the Cisco Headsets mobile app. The name change saves to the headset and appears in any Bluetooth device list. You can return your headset to the default name anytime through the Reset Settings button in the app.
For more information, see Personalize your Cisco Headset 730 name.
Bluetooth pairing mode enhancement
We've improved the Bluetooth pairing experience on the Cisco Headset 730. Now you can enter pairing mode with two active Bluetooth connections. When you connect to the new device, the headset automatically disconnects and saves the older connection.
Factory reset your Cisco Headset 730
You can now initiate a full factory reset of you Cisco Headset 730. A factory reset completely wipes all saved Bluetooth connections and reverts all saved headset settings to the default value.
To initiate a factory reset, simultaneously hold the Power/Bluetooth switch up and the Mute button for 4 seconds.
For more information, see Factory reset your Cisco Headset 730.
Swap and end calls on the headset charging stand
You can now automotically transfer calls to the host device when you place your headset securely in the Cisco Headset 730 charging stand. You can change this feature though Settings > General in the Cisco Headsets app to simply end active calls on the charging stand.
November 15, 2021
Version 1-7-0-141
Minor bug fixes
This release fixes an issue with the microphone volume on some headsets.
July 26, 2021
Version 1-7-0-138
Automatic Power Off
The Cisco Headset 730 now automatically powers down after six hours of inactivity to save the battery charge. To turn the headset back on, flip the Power/Bluetooth switch down and then up.
Battery Life Display on Bluetooth Devices
You can now view your remaining battery life directly on Windows, Android, and iOS devices.
On Windows 10 devices, the headset battery indicator appears to the right of your headset in the Bluetooth devices list.
On devices with Android 8.0 or later, the headset battery indicator appears beneath your headset name in the Bluetooth devices list.
On iOS 8.0 or later, you can add a Bluetooth battery indicator widget to your home screen. With iOS 14.0 or later, you can simply swipe right on the home screen to view your headset battery status.
Customized ANC Prompts
You can replace your Cisco Headset 730 Ambient and ANC voice notifications with a simple tone. Customize your audio notifications through the mobile app.
In the app, press Settings > Audible Notification and select the notifications you want to change.
Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter Updates
Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter firmware 1-3-12 is now available through Cisco Accessory Hub.
See the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter Release Notes for information about specific adapter firmware releases.

  You need Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge with Chromium, version 92 or later, to use Cisco Accessory Hub.
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release includes improvements to upgrade stability, Webex app experience, and call control stability.
April 9, 2021
Version 1-6-0-162
Minor Bug Fixes
This firmware release contains a minor back-end improvement to Adaptive Noise Cancellation.
March 15, 2021
Version 1-6-0-161
Minor Bug Fixes
This firmware release fixes issues with German and Italian audio notifications.
February 26, 2021
Version 1-6-0-150
Smart Sensors
The Cisco Headset 730 smart sensors detect when you put on or take off your headset. When your smart sensors are enabled, you can pause your music playback or mute a call when you take off your headset. You can also answer an incoming call when you pick up your headset. You can toggle some or all of these settings with the Cisco Headsets app, on a Cisco IP Phone (phone firmware 12.8(1) or later), or in Cisco Jabber (version 12.9 or later).

  Smart sensors are On by default on Cisco IP Phones and in Cisco Jabber. In the Cisco Headsets app, smart sensors are Off by default.
For more information, see Cisco Headset 730 Smart Sensors.
Headset Inventory Through the Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter
When connected to the USB HD Adapter, the Cisco Headset 730 appears in the Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and Webex Control Hub headset inventory. Previously, only the USB HD Adapter appeared in headset inventory.

  You must have USB HD Adapter firmware version 1-2-33 or later to use this feature.
For more information on headset inventory in Control Hub, see Headset Administration in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
For information on headset inventory in Cisco Unified CM, see the Cisco Headset 700 Series Administration Guide.
Multi-App Control
This firmware version offers users an improved call control experience when you use multiple Cisco desktop calling applications at the same time. For example, you can mute an active call in Cisco Webex and then answer an incoming Cisco Jabber call through the Jabber UI. While you are on the Jabber call, call controls through the headset only impact Jabber. When the Jabber call is complete, you can resume your Webex call and maintain call control through your headset.
Previously, headset call controls would occasionally impact all open calling applications at once.

  Active calls don't automatically hold when you answer an incoming call on a different application. Be sure to hold or mute a call on one application before you answer an incoming call on a different calling app.
This release only enables multi-app control between Cisco Webex, Webex Meetings, and Cisco Jabber (version 12.9 or later) over Bluetooth® or with the USB cable. Partial multi-app functionality is available with Microsoft Teams through the USB cable.
Microsoft Teams Support
The Cisco Headset 730 supports call controls on the most recent version of Microsoft Teams. Call controls are available through the USB cable.
You can:
Answer and end calls
Hold and resume calls
Mute and unmute your headset
Adjust your headset volume
Minor Bug Fixes
Bug fixes in this release include improvements in Bluetooth connectivity, log collection, and streaming audio playback.
October 12, 2020
Version 1-5-0-164
New Audio Notification Prompts
Your headset lets you know which Bluetooth device you connect to and also which device you disconnect from. For example, when you connect to a mobile device, the headset now plays "Connected to mobile phone."
See the following table for the new audio notifications in this release.

  You need to unpair and re-pair the Bluetooth connection between your headset and your chosen device for the new prompts to play.
See Delete Paired Devices and Connect your Headset to a Bluetooth Device for more information.
Table 1. New Audio Notifications
Device
Prompt
Mobile phone
"Mobile phone connected"
"Mobile phone disconnected"
Cisco IP Phone
"Desk phone connected"
"Desk phone disconnected"
Cisco USB Bluetooth Adapter
"Cisco USB Adapter connected"
"Cisco USB Adapter disconnected"
Computer
"Computer connected"
"Computer disconnected"
All other devices
"Device connected"
"Device disconnected"
Minor Bug Fixes
This release fixes issues with call control stability over Bluetooth and the USB HD Adapter. Other fixes include improvements to audio and headset logs.
September 22, 2020
Version 1-4-0-224
Minor Bug Fix
This release resolves an issue with Noise Cancellation calibration on the Cisco Headset 730.
July 31, 2020
Version 1-4-0-223
Minor Bug Fixes
This release contains minor bug fixes to improve headset behavior.
July 17, 2020
Version 1-4-0-220
Adaptive Noise Cancellation
Adaptive Noise Cancellation (ANC) automatically adjusts your noise cancellation level based on your surrounding environment.
Go to Settings > Audio in the Cisco Headsets app to toggle ANC on and off.
Mute Enhancement
This firmware release improves mute functionality with third party apps. Previously, mute functionality was restricted to Cisco devices and soft clients.
Audio Notification Change
The End Call voice notification is no longer available. You can still hear a tone when you end a call. Go to Settings > Audible Notifications > Calls in the Cisco Headsets app to toggle your audio notifications.
Minor bug fixes
Bug fixes in this release include improved audio notification behavior, improved headset log collection, and stabilized USB Adapter connectivity.
May 3, 2020
Version 1-3-0-246
Minor bug fixes
This firmware release fixes problems with Mute button reliability and improves data transfer and headset upgrade speeds over Bluetooth connections.
There is a temporary workaround in this firmware release that restricts mute functionality with third party apps to avoid unintentional behavior. The Mute button will work without restrictions in firmware release 1-4 and later. The beta version of release 1.4 will be available in the first week of June.
April 19, 2020
Version 1-3-0-233
Presence LED Light Behavior Change
This firmware release changes the way you turn on the Presence LED lights on the side of the Cisco Headset 730. To turn on the Presence LED light when you aren't on a call, press and hold the Play button on the face of the right ear cup. Previously, you had to press and hold the Mute button to activate the Presence LED light.
For more information see Turn Your Presence LED Lights On and Off.
Enhanced Language Support
You can now change your audio notification language through the Cisco Headsets mobile app. Available languages include Chinese (Mandarin), English (US), English (UK), French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Br), Russian, and Spanish.
To change your headset language in the Cisco Headsets app tap Settings > Audio Notification > Language. Select your preferred language and tap Proceed. Your headset updates when it switches to a different language.
Send Troubleshooting Logs
You can send headset logs in the Cisco Headsets app when you tap Support > Send Logs. The app opens your preferred email client with a new message that contains a prefilled subject line and log files attached. Describe your problem in the email, add any other relevant attachments, and tap Send.
The Cisco Headset 730 troubleshooting logs you send contain information about sound, call quality, and voice notifications. These logs help us improve the headset in future releases.
Minor Bug Fixes
Bug fixes in this release include stabilized headset behavior over Bluetooth connections and improved call quality after the USB cable unplugs from the headset.
March 4, 2020
Version 1-2-0-198
We resolved the following issues:
The headset occasionally gave the notification prompt, "Unmuted" when you ended a call over Bluetooth.
The headset occasionally gave the notification prompt, "You are muted" whenever the headset connected through the USB cable to a device with an active music stream.
February 21, 2020
Version 1-2-0-195
Activate the Presence LED Lights
The Cisco Headset 730 now uses separate actions to mute the headset and turn on the Presence LED lights.
Press Mute once to mute your headset in an active call.
Press and hold Mute to turn on the Presence LED Lights when you aren't in an active call.
See Turn Your Presence LED Lights On and Off for more information.
February 4, 2020
Version: 1-2-0-190
Cisco Headset 730
The Cisco Headset 730 is a wireless headset that uses Bluetooth connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and Cisco IP Phones. The headset features full call control and music playback capabilities in addition to powerful noise cancellation and ambient audio enhancement systems for use in a busy office environment. The Cisco Headset 730 supports full call integration with Cisco Jabber, Cisco Webex, Webex Meetings, Cisco IP phones, and Cisco Webex DX Devices.
The Cisco Headset 730 comes with a USB HD Adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth solution. The headset can also connect to devices via the included 3.5 mm cable and USB-C to USB-A cable. The USB-C cable also acts as a charging cable and can connect to any powered USB adapter.
For more information, see Get Started With Your Cisco Headset 730.