June 19, 2023 |
67706 view(s) |
372 people thought this was helpful
Show real-time translation and transcription in meetings and webinars
Real-time translation and transcription allows you to have more inclusive and engaging meetings and webinars. The host can select from 13 spoken languages for a meeting or webinar, which can then be translated into more than 100 other languages in closed captions.
This article is about Webex assistant for Meetings. For information on Webex devices, read Closed Captioning on Board, Desk, Room Series.
When real-time translation is on, a person's speech is automatically translated into captions that appear above the meeting or webinar controls. The captions panel on the right side shows the selected spoken language.
Real-time translation is supported as a paid add-on for Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view), and meetings started from Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space in Webex App don't support real-time translation. As long as the host has an active Real-time translation license, guests will have access to this feature.
Real-time translation has expanded. The 42.2 update supports translation for 13 spoken languages that can be captioned into 100 different languages with an RTT license. The 42.5 update supports the free spoken languages found in Supported Languages without an RTT license.
Webex for Government doesn't support real-time translation.

  Your site administrator must enable real-time translation for Meetings and Webinars.
Desktop
Mobile
1
Select Show closed captions.
If you don't see Show closed captions, see Turn on or turn off Webex Assistant during meeting or webinar.
2
Select Translation options for closed captions and choose the language that you want the speech translated.

  Not all dialects are included in translation.
Each participant can select their own preferred language to translate to. The maximum number of unique languages that can be used at the same time in a meeting is five.

Supported Languages

Known issues and limitations