July 11, 2023 |
85521 view(s) |
220 people thought this was helpful
Configure Local Gateway on Cisco IOS XE for Webex Calling
In this article
After you configure Webex Calling for your organization, you can configure a trunk to connect your Local Gateway to Webex Calling. SIP TLS transport secures the trunk between the Local Gateway and the Webex cloud. The media between the Local Gateway and Webex Calling uses SRTP.
Local Gateway configuration task flow
There are two options to configure the Local Gateway for your Webex Calling trunk:
Registration-based trunk
Certificate-based trunk
Use the task flow either under the Registration-based Local Gateway or Certificate-based Local Gateway to configure Local Gateway for your Webex Calling trunk. See Get started with Local Gateway for more information on different trunk types. Perform the following steps on the Local Gateway itself, using the Command Line Interface (CLI). We use Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) transport to secure the trunk and Secure Real-time Protocol (SRTP) to secure the media between the Local Gateway and Webex Calling.
Before you begin
Understand the premises-based Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) and Local Gateway (LGW) requirements for Webex Calling. See Cisco Preferred Architecture for Webex Calling for more information.
This article assumes that a dedicated Local Gateway platform is in place with no existing voice configuration. If you modify an existing PSTN gateway or Local Gateway enterprise deployment to use as the Local Gateway function for Webex Calling, then pay careful attention to the configuration. Ensure that you do not interrupt the existing call flows and functionality because of the changes that you make.
Create a trunk in Control Hub and assign it to the location. See Configure trunks, route groups, and dial plans for Webex Calling for more information.

The procedures contain links to command reference documentation where you can learn more about the individual command options. All command reference links go to the Webex Managed Gateways Command Reference unless stated otherwise (in which case, the command links go to Cisco IOS Voice Command Reference). You can access all of these guides at Cisco Unified Border Element Command References.
For information on the third-party SBCs, refer to respective product reference documentation.
Registration-based Local Gateway
Certificate-based Local Gateway
Perform reference platform configuration




Configure registration-based trunk





Configure Local Gateway without IP PBX

Configure Local Gateway with an existing Unified CM environment

Monitor and troubleshoot Local Gateway with diagnostic signatures



Manage and validate Cisco IOS XE Gateways through Control Hub