December 13, 2022 |
48185 view(s) |
184 people thought this was helpful
New user experience with RoomOS 11
The new RoomOS 11 UI Experience gives devices a modernized experience with an app centric navigation paradigm.
We wanted to expand the capabilities of our devices and make them into multiactivity devices which can cover all the needs in your workday. With this in mind, it was important to renew our user experience. One of the core changes is the operating system's ability to run multiple apps at the same time. You can easily switch between a web app, whiteboard, and your ongoing meeting.
RoomOS 11 experience is supported on Webex registered devices and devices that are linked with Edge for Devices with cloud-managed software upgrade enabled.
RoomOS 11 experience is not supported on:
Room USB
Webex on Flip
Room Panorama
Board, Desk Series
Room Series
Get familiar with RoomOS 11
The homescreen is your starting point, from where you'll access all the features and functionality your device has to offer. Tap the device's screen to wake it up and see the homescreen. Tap the device name in the upper left corner to see the contact information. Dots under the buttons on the homescreen means there are more buttons off-screen. Swipe to see them.


Whether you're in a call or not, you can always access the homescreen and any open apps by swiping up with the bottom handle. This opens the task switcher. If your laptop's connected, its screen appears in the task switcher too. So do any whiteboards you've created in the current session.
Tap the Files button to see all the whiteboards you've created on the device, and any other files that are available to you.
Some apps open as dialogs. Touch the top edge of a dialog to move it around on your screen. Tap outside an open dialog to close it. To close a full screen app, just swipe up from the bottom of the screen and find the app in the task switcher. Swipe it up to close it.
Open the control panel and device settings
Check on device information and change various settings and options in both the control panel and the Settings menu. You can access the control panel and Settings menu both in and out of call.


To open the control panel, swipe from the right side of the screen, or tap the button on the upper right corner of the homescreen. In the control panel you find things like:
Camera controls, selfview settings, backgrounds
Microphone options and speaker volume
Standby and screen brightness
To open the Settings menu, tap Device settings at the bottom of the control panel. Scroll through the menu to find information about your device, issues and diagnostics, network settings and so on.
Call controls at your fingertips
During a call everything you need is in one place, right at your fingertips: tap the screen to bring up the call controls.


In addition to standard buttons like Mute/Unmute, Record, Start/Stop video, and Leave meeting, all the other controls you need during your call will appear across the bottom of your screen, including:
Layout menu. Choose a layout to fit your meeting style.
Share. Open the sharing options, choose a source, and start sharing.
Participants list.
Whiteboard. Start a whiteboard and share it in call.
More options. Lock the meeting, Add a participant, open the Keypad.
Find out more
With a Board or Desk Series device you can hold meetings and call people, share content from your laptop, collaborate, and stay connected with your coworkers. Here are some great articles to help you get started:
Start calls on your touchscreen or from your connected Webex app: read Make a call from Desk Series and Make a call from Board Series.
Double your screen real estate by connecting your laptop to your device using the HDMI or USB-C cable. Read this article about previewing on-screen content and sharing it in a call with others.
Share content wirelessly. Read these articles to learn about sharing content wirelessly in a call or sharing wirelessly outside a call.
Check out these articles about adjusting your self-view , manual camera control, and automatic camera modes, to optimize your meeting experience.
Brainstorm, design, create and annotate on the whiteboard. Read this article about using the whiteboard on Board and Desk Series.