March 18, 2021 |
58470 view(s) |
197 people thought this was helpful
Uninstall Webex Productivity Tools
In this article
If you no longer wish to have Webex Productivity Tools installed on your computer you can remove it at any time.
End of Support for Mac Productivity Tools
The final release for Productivity Tools for Mac will be 41.5 as Microsoft plans to block injection-based plugins on Mac Outlook beginning in mid-May. Mac based Outlook customers who wish to use Webex should move to the Cisco Webex Scheduler.
Webex Productivity Tools is a separate package from the Webex Meetings desktop app from 39.10. Productivity Tools no longer supports integrations with IBM Lotus Notes, IBM Sametime, Microsoft Lync, Internet Explorer, and Skype for Business from 41.2.
Uninstall Webex Productivity Tools from Windows
You can uninstall Webex Productivity Tools at any time by using Start menu commands or by using the Control Panel.
Uninstalling Productivity Tools removes all Productivity Tools and shortcuts from your computer. If you want to keep using some Productivity Tools but disable others, edit the options in the Preferences dialog box.
1
Choose one of the following methods:
To uninstall Webex Productivity Tools, from the Start menu select Webex Productivity Tools > Uninstall.
To uninstall Webex Productivity Tools by using the Control Panel:
Select Start > Settings > Control Panel.
Select Programs and Features.
Select Webex Productivity Tools.
Select Uninstall.
2
Select Yes to confirm that you want to uninstall Webex Productivity Tools.
Uninstall Webex Productivity Tools from the Mac
End of Support for Mac Productivity Tools
The final release for Productivity Tools for Mac will be 41.5 as Microsoft plans to block injection-based plugins on Mac Outlook beginning in mid-May. Mac based Outlook customers who wish to use Webex should move to the Cisco Webex Scheduler.
Webex Productivity Tools is a separate package from the Webex Meetings desktop app from 39.10. Productivity Tools no longer supports integrations with IBM Lotus Notes, IBM Sametime, Microsoft Lync, Internet Explorer, and Skype for Business from 41.2.
1
From Finder go to Go > Applications, and select Webex > Productivity Tools > Uninstall.
You may be prompted to enter your password.
2
Select OK.