January 22, 2019 |
3660 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Configure the Cisco Webex Events Registration Form in Cisco Webex Control Hub
In this article
Site administrators can customize the enrollment forms that event hosts use on their Webex site.
Customize the Cisco Webex Events Registration Form
Event hosts can further change the default enrollment form when they schedule an event.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and under Meeting, select Sites.
2
Choose the Webex site to change the settings for, and click Configure Site.
3
Under Webex Events, select Registration Form.
4
Under Standard Options, select the information that users are required to provide on the form.
5
To add new entries to the form, in the My Custom Options section, select the type of item to add.
6
To change the order of the custom options, select the up and down arrows under Change Order.
7
Click Save.
My Custom Options
To add this....
Do this....
Text Box
A text box that users can use to enter an answer (up to 256 characters)
To add text boxes:
Select Text Box.
At Text box label, enter the text that will appear next to the box.
At Type, indicate if the text should appear in a single or multiple lines.
At Width, enter the number of characters.
Select Save.
Check Boxes
Check boxes that users can use to select one or more answers
To add check boxes:
Select Check Boxes.
(Optional) At Group label..., enter the text that will appear before a group of check boxes.
To add more than 9 check boxes, at Add select the total number of check boxes to create.
Next to Check box..., enter a name for the check box.
To display the check boxes as selected, select Selected from the drop-down list.
Repeat Steps 4 and 5 for each check box that's added to the form.
Select Save.
Option Buttons
Option buttons that users can use to select a single answer
To add option buttons:
Select Option Buttons.
(Optional) At Group label..., enter the text that will appear before a group of buttons.
To add more than 9 option buttons, at Add select the total number of buttons to create.
Next to Choice..., enter a name for the option button.
At Default choice, select the choice that is selected by default.
Select Save.
Drop-Down List
A drop-down list from which users can use to select a single answer
To add drop-down lists:
Select Drop-Down List.
At Label..., enter the text that will appear before a group of buttons.
To add more than 9 option buttons, at Add select the total number of buttons to create.
Next to Choice..., enter a name for the option button.
At Default choice, select the choice that is selected by default.
Select Save.
Registration Questions
A question that is saved from an existing enrollment form
To add questions:
Select Saved Questions.
Select the question to use.
Select Add.