April 18, 2022 |
8754 view(s) |
20 people thought this was helpful
Migrate Unified CM to Webex
In this article
Migrate Unified CM to Webex - An Overview
Migrate Unified CM settings for users, devices, numbers, and locations to Webex Calling platform for a better user experience and also to leverage the enterprise-grade Cisco Webex cloud calling, mobility, messaging, and calling services. The migration automates the firmware license generation, verifies the device eligibility, and assigns phone numbers to users and devices for Webex calling services.
Prerequisites
Before you start your migration, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Access Cisco Webex Control Hub as an organization administrator. For more information, see Assign Organizational Account Roles in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Create Webex Locations with PSTN assigned for each Location. For more information, see Configure Cisco Webex Calling for Your Organization.
Obtain the BAT/CSV files for the Unified CM users and devices. For more information, see Cisco Unified Communications Manager Bulk Administration Tool (BAT) .
Ensure phones on Unified CM that you are migrating are using Phone Load version 14.1 or later. For more information, see Install or Upgrade Cisco IP Phone Firmware.
Identify any DNs from Unified CM that are mapped to multiple Device Pools in Unified CM. This tool cannot migrate these DNs. You can use Add and Assign Devices in Bulk for migration.
Ensure all your end users from Unified CM are provisioned as Webex Users via Cisco Directory Connector or other means. For more information, see User and Contact Synchronization and Install Cisco Directory Connector.
Import Users Using the Bulk Administration Tool (BAT)
Use the Bulk Administration Tool (BAT) in Cisco Unified Communications Manager application to export users from Unified CM, and later import to Control Hub and Webex Users. Complete these steps to import the users:
1
Select Bulk Administration > Import/Export > Export to export the contact lists of the migrating users from the current home cluster.
The Export Data window displays.
2
Choose Select All in the Select items to Export section.
3
Choose a filename for the exported list data. In the Job Description field, enter the description that you want to provide for the job. Export Configuration is the default description.
4
Click Run Immediately or schedule the job to run later. Click Submit.
5
Monitor the status of the export job. Use the Job Scheduler option in the Bulk Administration main menu to schedule and/or activate this job.

  Do not modify or update the tar file after you export the file from Unified CM application.
6
Download the export file and store it for use later when the user migration is complete. Choose Cisco Unified CM IM and Presence Administration > Bulk Administration > Upload/Download Files.
From the Upload/Download window select the tar file and click on Download Selected.
7
Un-tar the .tar file to any location on your machine using the tar -xvf command. Extract the .csv file to the specified location. See the Cisco Unified Communications Manager Bulk Administration Guide for detailed information.
Task Flow
Use the migration wizard on Control Hub to migrate Unified CM settings for users, devices, numbers and locations. The migration wizard helps you to perform the following tasks and start the migration.
1
From the customer view in Cisco Webex Control Hub, go to Services > Migrations. On the Migrate Unified CM to Webex card, click Get started.
The Update Unified CM deployment to Webex Cloud Calling page appears.
2
Click Step 1: Review upgrade prerequisites to view the list of prerequisites.
3
Read and complete all the prerequisite tasks before you proceed. For more information, see Migrate Unified CM to Webex - An Overview.
Import Data

Create a Migration Task

Map Device Pool to Locations

Select Locations

Manage Numbers in Location
Assign Numbers to a User or a Workspace
Check Device Eligibility
Review
Start Migration