June 26, 2023 |
122 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Manage call queue agents
Users who receive calls from the queue are known as agents. Agents can sign into or out of a call queue with the join or unjoin functionality as determined by an admin or as the agent decides.
Agent Dashboard
Agent dashboard allows an administrator to have a consolidated view of all agents across call queues. The dashboard displays the agents information and their call queue participation. This allows an administrator to make appropriate call queue staffing decisions and also change the join status of an agent easily.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and choose Calling > Features.
2
Click Call Queue.
3
Select the Agents tab.
4
Select an agent from the default list of agents displayed or search for an agent name or the primary number or extension associated with the agent.

  You can filter the agent list based on Call queues, Queue locations and Join/Unjoin status.
The agent dashboard in the default collapsed view displays:
Agent Name
Number of call queues associated to the agent - Displays the number of call queues the agent is associated to
Call queue locations - Displays the number of locations where the call queues are created
Primary number - Primary contact number assigned to the agent
Extension if available
Join/Unjoin status - Displays the number of queues an agent has joined or unjoined when collapsed.
5
Click > to expand on the agent details.
The agent dashboard displays:
Agent Name
Number of call queues associated to the agent - Lists the call queue names the agent is associated to
Call queue locations - Lists each call queue location
Primary number - Primary contact number assigned to the call queue
Extension if available
Join/Unjoin status - Displays the join or unjoin status.
6
Toggle to join or unjoin an agent to the specific call queue.
7
(Optional) Click Export CSV to export a spreadsheet with a comprehensive agent details.
Use this table to find the details in the exported CSV.
Column
Description
Agent First Name
Displays the agents's first name to display for the call queue’s calling line ID (CLID).
Agent Last Name
Displays the agents's last name to display for the call queue’s calling line ID (CLID).
Agent Phone Number
Displays the agent phone number.
Agent Extension
Displays the agent extension.
Queue Name
Displays the name of the of the call queue.
Queue Phone Number
Displays the call queue phone number.
Queue Extension
Displays the call queue extension.
Queue Location Name
Displays the call queue location.
Queue Join Status
Displays the join or unjoin the call queue.