January 20, 2023 |
2597 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector for Canvas
To install the Webex Education Connector, you must create a developer key, configure the Webex Education Connector with your Canvas site information, and then apply the developer key and configuration information in Canvas. You have the option of enabling the Webex Education Connector site-wide, for a single course, or in a disabled state so that instructors can enable it in their courses. You must be a Canvas Administrator and a Webex site administrator to complete the installation.
Create the Developer Key
Before you begin
Before you can install the Webex Education Connector, you first must Configure Your Webex Site for Webex Education Connector.
1
Sign in to Canvas as an administrator, select the Admin tab, and then select the name of the account.

  The account determines which courses the tool is available in.
2
Select Developer Keys > + Developer Key > + API Key and enter the following information:
Key Name—Enter Webex.
(Optional) Owner Email—Enter an email address.
Redirect URIs—Enter the following URIs on separate lines.
https://lti.educonnector.io/lms_accesses/new
https://lti.educonnector.io/lms_accesses/callback
Enforce Scopes—Do not enable. Scoped developer keys are currently not supported.
3
Select Save Key, and take note of the ID and Key generated in the Details section of the new Developer Key, as you'll need these later.
4
In the State section of the new Developer Key, select ON.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
1
Open a tab in your browser, navigate to https://lti.educonnector.io/, and enter the following information:
Full name—Enter your first and last name.
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name.
Your site name is the text in your Webex URL before .webex.com. If your site URL is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool.
LMS ...—Select Canvas from the drop-down list.
Install in a Disabled State:
If unchecked, you can enable the Webex Education Connector for all courses at once or on a course-by-course basis.
If checked, instructors and administrators can enable the Webex Education Connector for courses.
Canvas Site Domain—Enter the URL of your Canvas site.
For example, if your Canvas site URL is https://college.example.instructure.com, enter college.example.instructure.com.
Canvas Developer ID—Enter the ID from Step 3 of Create the Developer Key.
Canvas Developer Key—Enter the Key from Step 3 of Create the Developer Key.
Canvas Site Timezone—Set your site's time zone.
2
Select Next, and take note of Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, and LTI Registration URL.
Install and Authorize the Webex Education Connector
1
In Canvas, select the Admin tab, then select the name of the account:
If you want to install site-wide—Select a Site, then go to Settings > View App Configuration > + App.
If you want to install in a single course—Select a course, then go to Settings > View App Configuration > + App.
2
Enter the following information:
Configuration Type—Select By URL.
Name—Enter Webex, or another descriptive name.
Consumer Key—Enter Your Consumer Key from Step 2 of Configure Webex Education Connector.
Shared Secret—Enter the Your Shared Secret from Step 2 of Configure Webex Education Connector.
Launch URL—Enter the LTI Registration URL from Step 2 of Configure Webex Education Connector.
3
Verify that the Webex Education Connector has been installed:
If you enabled the Webex Education Connector site-wide, navigate to any course and look for Cisco Webex in the Course Navigation menu.
If you enabled the Webex Education Connector in a single course, navigate to that course and look for Cisco Webex in the Course Navigation menu.
If you installed the Webex Education Connector in a disabled state, navigate to any course. In the Course Navigation menu, go to Settings > Navigation. Find Cisco Webex in the list of hidden items and drag it up to the list of visible items.
4
In the Course Navigation menu, click Cisco Webex to open the Webex Education Connector.
5
From the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section, click Authorize and follow the on-screen instructions.
6
To enable site-wide features available for instructor configuration, go to the Setup tab, click Go to Admin Console, and then choose the features you want to enable.
7
Click Back to save your changes and return to the Setup tab.