December 17, 2021 |
319058 view(s) |
390 people thought this was helpful
Webex Meetings web app known issues and limitations
Learn about known issues and limitations when using the web app.
The Meetings web app supports Meetings, Webex Events (classic), Webex Webinars, and Webex Training. The web app doesn’t support Webex Support.
For Events (classic) and Training, the web app supports attendees only. (Hosts and Panelists must use the desktop app.)
We recommend using Meetings or Webinars, so that hosts, cohosts, and panelists can join using web app.
The Meetings web app isn’t available in meetings that have end-to-end (E2E) encryption enabled.
If the UDP 9000 and TCP 5004 ports are blocked from your network, video isn't available for the Meetings web app.
The web app supports content sharing only in Chrome, Firefox, and Edge 77.0.235.20 and later.

To enable content sharing in Chrome version 71 or earlier, install the Webex app and Webex Content Sharing extension.
The web app supports only meetings that are enabled for Webex video or for MP4 recordings.
The Meetings web app doesn't have a whiteboard panel. Participants who use the web app can't see whiteboards that others share during Meetings, Events (classic), Webinars, and Training sessions.
Disabling application or desktop sharing in the session type doesn’t affect the ability to share content from the web app.
Sharing content is currently not available during a Breakout Session in meetings.
Known issues for Application Sharing beta:
Sometimes, when several applications are open on Windows 10, not all open application windows appear in the Share Application selection menu. We recommend closing unnecessary windows and trying again, or using the Share Screen option instead.
Sometimes, your edits to a document aren't visible during application sharing. For others to see your updates, you may need to stop and reshare the application. You can avoid this problem by using Share Screen, where users can see your edits in real time.
With macOS Catalina (10.15), Apple introduced new security and privacy features for Mac devices. In order to share your screen in the Meetings web app, ensure that your browser has the Screen Recording permission enabled.
In your device System Preferences, give your web browser privacy permissions, and restart your device for the changes to take effect:
If you don't grant permissions, you may see the following prompt when trying to share your screen:
Presenters can’t pass keyboard and mouse control to attendees who join using the Meetings web app.
You can’t request control when a user is sharing from the Meetings web app.
The web app supports the “Call using computer” audio option, only on Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
To enable the full “Call using computer” experience, disable the “block websites from automatically playing sound” option in Firefox.
The web app supports sending and receiving video on Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
When using the Meetings web app in Safari, your webcam video automatically stops when you open a new browser tab. You can manually restart your video after returning to the tab running the web app.
If you’re behind a firewall that blocks UDP connections, you can't send and receive video in the Edge browser.
Attendees who join from Internet Explorer browsers can’t view other participants' videos, and can’t turn on their own video. To view other participants' video and turn on your own video at the same time, we recommend that you:
Use a Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge browser.
Switch to the Meetings desktop app.
The web app doesn't support Virtual backgrounds.
Grid View in the web app supports up to six videos, with a maximum resolution of 180p.
Sometimes, in Grid View, when several people are talking back to back, there’s delay in the active speaker video response. The delay can cause the video to look duplicated for a brief moment.
If you use Internet Explorer in Compatibility View for Webex sites, the Join using browser link doesn't appear. We recommend that you turn off Compatibility View for webex.com URLs.
When attendees disconnect from the network, the web app displays the audio connect status is incorrectly.
If the meeting name exceeds the maximum allowed length, it’s truncated.
When you remove the camera, the status of the send and stop video button is incorrect. It resets to the correct status after you reopen the video dialog.
To switch to the desktop app from the Edge browser, manually close the web app browser window, and then manually reconnect in the desktop app. The Edge browser can't automatically disconnect from the web app.
You can't switch seamlessly to the desktop app if you're using the web app in a private or incognito browser window. You're prompted to install the desktop app, even if you already have it installed. To avoid this issue, launch the desktop app manually.
Call using computer not supported when the host account has Webex video disabled.
Call using computer isn’t supported in meetings using the “Use VoIP Only” conference type.
When a participant using the desktop app shares video using Share > File, the video doesn’t display in the web app. When a participant using the desktop app shares a media file, attendees can’t see it using the web app. These users are prompted to switch to the desktop app.
Sometimes, there may be an issue sending and receiving video when joining back-to-back meetings in the Firefox browser. If you encounter this, simply close the Firefox browser and rejoin.
Meeting Options can not be managed from within the web app.
Gesture recognition is not supported in the web app.
Events (classic)
Events (classic) support is currently for attendees only. Hosts and panelists must use the desktop app. (Alternatively we recommend using Webex Webinars.)
The web app does not support entry and exit tones that are configured in an event.
When switching from the web app to the desktop app in an event, you must manually reconnect to audio in the desktop app.
Audio broadcast is currently only available in Chrome, Firefox, and Safari.
The Mute or Unmute icon appears in the Participants list next to web app attendees connect to audio broadcast.
It will appear as if hosts are able to mute or unmute web app attendees who are connected to the audio broadcast, even those users who do not have the ability to speak.
When connected to audio broadcast in the web app, the “request to speak” feature will require you to switch to the desktop app.
Only Webex audio broadcast is supported. Events (classic) set to use audio broadcast by using the “ Other teleconference service ” audio type will require attendees to join through the desktop app.
The post-event survey web app does not pop up the Events (classic) feedback form after an attendee leaves an event.
Like all clients, photo avatars are not currently supported in Events (classic). It will display a user’s initials.
Participants joining an event on the Webex FedRAMP platform can only join the computer audio of a session that has scheduled with Audio Broadcasting enabled.
Training
Training support is currently for attendees only. Hosts and panelists must use the desktop app.
If a host in the desktop app tries to pass the host role to an attendee in the web app, the host role is automatically passed back to the host in the desktop app.
There is a rare case where, if the host unexpectedly gets dropped from the Training session, it may look like the host role was automatically assigned to a user in the web app, though they, in fact, do not have host privileges. In this case, the host role may be reclaimed by a participant in the desktop app.
Web app users can't view whiteboards or shared files in breakout Sessions.
You can't create breakout sessions from the web app. We recommend using Meetings instead.
You can't switch to the desktop app while in a breakout session. To switch to the desktop app, leave the breakout session first.
In training sessions scheduled with the setting “This session will have over 500 attendees” enabled, attendees in the web app are able to see the participant list, unlike in the desktop app.
Custom “Session Options” set in the Training scheduler are ignored in the web app, as all panels are available by default.
Learn More
Webex web app
Get started with the Webex Meetings web app
Webex Meetings web app meeting functionality
Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars accessibility features
Meetings Web app supported operating systems and browsers