January 20, 2023 |
2849 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Get started with your Cisco Video Phone 8875
Use the information in this section to get your phone ready for use.
Cisco Video Phone 8875 is a video phone with a high-definition camera, a touch screen, and is designed for video calls and meetings in work offices and home offices.
For details about your phone specifications and features, see Cisco Video Phone 8875 product page.
The following items came with your Cisco Video Phone 8875. If any items are missing, contact your administrator.
A handset
A foot stand
A handset cable
An Ethernet cable
A pointer card containing product help and compliance information

  If your network doesn't support Power over Ethernet (PoE), order the power cube and a compatible cord. For the available power cube and cords, see the Ordering information section in Cisco Video Phone 8875 Data Sheet.
Hardware and buttons
Your phone has several buttons that allow you to access to the phone features.
Use the following figures to identify the phone buttons and hardware items.
Figure 1: Cisco Video Phone 8875 front view
Table 1. Hardware and buttons on the front
Hardware Feature
Purpose
1. Handset and Handset light strip
Indicates call states:
Indicates whether you have an incoming call (flashing red) or a new voice message (steady red).
2. Camera
The high-definition camera with a physical shutter and a vertically adjustable hinge.
Use the camera for video calls
3. Touchscreen
The LCD touchscreen (6.7 in, 1024 x 600 resolution)
Use the touchscreen to use and configure the phone features.
4. Home button
Press it to go back to the Home screen.
5. Hold/Resume, Conference, and Transfer
Hold/Resume : Place an active call on hold and resume the held call.
Conference : Create a conference call.
Transfer : Transfer a call.
6. Headset, Speakerphone, and Mute
Headset : Toggle the headset on. When the headset is on, the button lights up. To leave headset mode, you pick up the handset or select Speakerphone .
Speakerphone : Toggle the speakerphone on or off. When the speakerphone is on, the button lights up.
Mute : Toggle the microphone on or off. When the microphone is muted, the button lights up.
7. Alphanumeric keypad
Use the keypad to input characters.
8. Messages, Settings, and Contacts
Messages : Press it to dial your voice messaging system.
Settings : Access the settings menu.
Contacts : Access directories and favorite contacts list.
9. Volume button
: Adjust the handset, headset, and speakerphone volume (off hook), and the ringer volume (on hook and when the phone is idle).
Figure 2: Cisco Video Phone 8875 back view
Table 2. Ports on the back of the phone
Port
Description
1. Power port
Connect the shipped AC adapter to this port to power up your phone.
2. USB-C port
Connect your USB-C headset to this port.
3. Ethernet port
Connect this port to your Ethernet port on the wall or on your router with the shipped Ethernet cable.
4. PC port
Used for getting network connection from your laptop or another IP phone.
5. Auxiliary port
Connect your AUX headset to this port.
6. Analog headset port
Connect your RJ-9 headset to this port.
7. Cable sockets
Used for holding the analog headset cable and the handset cable.
8. Handset port
Connect your handset to this port with the shipped handset cable.
Figure 3: Cisco Video Phone 8875 right-side view
Table 3. Ports on the phone right side
Port
Description
1. USB-A port
Connect your USB-A headset to this port.
2. Foot stand
Supports your phone standing on a desk.
3. Power button
Press it to turn on or off your phone.
Connect your phone


Register your phone



Need more help?
Safety and compliance information