July 27, 2023 |
107065 view(s) |
329 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | VDI release notes
The Webex App VDI solution optimizes the audio and video for calls and meetings. Using a thin client device, such as a lightweight PC or laptop, users access Webex App from a remote virtual desktop (Citrix or VMware) environment. For calls, the media goes directly between users and avoids traversing the data center; for meetings, media goes between the Webex cloud and the user thin clients without another client in the middle. Webex App VDI is released every two months as a Hosted Virtual Desktop (HVD) installer and a thin client plugin.
Overview
Downloads
Requirements
Version support
Releases
Caveats
Virtual desktop infrastructure
With VDI, instead of a traditional desktop, you have a thin client and a hosted virtual desktop.
A thin client is a typically less costly and less powerful device than a desktop computer. Your organization may even use older, less powerful PCs as thin clients. Your hosted virtual desktop resides in a central server location called a data center. Your hosted virtual desktop includes your
Microsoft Windows desktop
Applications (such as Webex App)
Data
Using your thin client, you access your hosted virtual desktop over a secure Citrix or VMware connection.
Webex App works with VDI. However, sending the additional data that audio and video calls require, through the hosted virtual desktops, causes communications delays. This limitation is called the "hairpin" effect.
Webex App on VDI
Without optimization, Webex App messaging works as-is in a Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) environment. However, the full Webex App experience also includes calling and meetings, which require video and audio media processing.
Because of a limitation known as the hairpin effect, calling, meeting, and accompanying video capability are not supported without optimization. The additional bandwidth required for calls and video creates a bottleneck at the data center because the media flows from one user to the data center back to another user. As a result of this unoptimized media path and the lack of easy access to peripherals such as device speakers, microphone, and camera, the user experience is not ideal.
To fix the issue of the hairpin effect, the Webex App VDI plugin extends the Cisco collaboration experience to virtual deployments so that users can use the full messaging, meeting, and calling functionality that the Webex App provides.
To reduce latency and to enhance media quality, the VDI plugin optimizes the media workflows by streaming media directly between users on thin client endpoints and leverages the hardware of the thin client machines to handle media processing. This media path does not go through the hosted virtual desktops (HVDs). The result is a stable and full-featured calling and meeting experience for your VDI users.
In this architecture, the Webex App is installed on the HVD in your VDI environment and required VDI plugins are installed on the user's thin client (typically a lightweight system, like a repurposed laptop or desktop).
Using a supported Linux or Windows-based thin client, users access the Webex App on the HVD from a remote virtual desktop environment. With supported versions of Webex App, users can use all of the built-in messaging, meetings, and calling on Webex App functionality on their thin client. Additionally, you can integrate Webex App VDI with a Unified CM or Webex Calling environment, so that users can use supported call features. You can also deploy the full featured meetings experience by installing the Webex App Meetings VDI plugin.
Administrators
Administrators can refer to the Deployment Guide for Cisco Webex App for Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) for more information about what features are supported, how to prepare your environment, and how to deploy the Webex App VDI solution.