October 28, 2021 |
4017 view(s) |
13 people thought this was helpful
Allow external users in Webex spaces for your Webex for Government organization
By default, your Webex for Government organization blocks all external communication from other organizations. But you can invite users from other organizations, including users from commercial organizations, as guests to spaces and meetings if you allow their domains for external communication.
Communicate with users from Webex for Government and commercial organizations
To help secure your organization's data and prevent data from being shared outside of your organization, Control Hub automatically blocks external communication from other users that aren't in the same Webex for Government organization.
But if you trust specific organizations and want to allow them to communicate with your users, then you can allow users with domains in other Webex for Government and commercial (those outside the Webex for Government cloud) organizations to communicate with anyone in your organization as guests. As guests, these users have limited access once they're invited to spaces and meetings.
To allow commercial organizations to communicate with your organization, follow the steps in the Allow External Communication with Specific Organizations section.

Both organizations must add each other's domains for users to communicate with each other. If one organization allows a domain, but the other organization blocks all external communication, then both organizations won't be able to communicate with each other.
Keep in mind that if you decide to block a domain from communicating with your organization after allowing it, then:
Only new spaces are affected. Existing spaces keep all users with the domain if they're already in those spaces.
Users with the domain who leave group spaces won't be able to rejoin the group spaces.
The setting doesn't apply to bots.
How compliance works between Webex for Government and commercial organizations
For regulatory compliance, only Webex for Government administrators and compliance officers can view messages and content exchanged between commercial organizations and Webex for Government organizations. Commercial administrators and compliance officers won't be able to see messages and content sent by commercial users to Webex for Government users.
Allow external communication with specific domains


Allow external communication with specific domains and allow users to only join internal group spaces