July 03, 2023 |
4999 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Emergency Callback Number (ECBN) in Control Hub
You can configure users with a specified Emergency Callback Number (ECBN). Once configured, when an emergency call is made by a user their configured ECBN is presented to the PSTN provider. The Public Safety Answer Point (PSAP), which is where emergency calls are routed, responds and then the call is mapped to the assigned Emergency Service Address (ESA). The ESA is the address that the PSAP receives indicating the location of the emergency caller.

When an emergency call is made from a line that belongs to a different location, the ECBN configured on that line will be sent. Call back to that number may not always be the number of the user placing the emergency call, depending on what is configured as ECBN. For more information, see Configuration of shared lines and virtual lines across locations.
Requirements and recommendations
We recommend configuring users with their own telephone number to use that number as their ECBN.
Configure users that don’t have their own telephone number for an ECBN that is as close as possible to their location. Configure with one of the following: the main number for their location, an assigned ECBN for the location, or any telephone number owned by the location.
Each configured ECBN should be the telephone number of an actual user to facilitate a call back from the Public Safety Answering Point.
For larger locations, for example, with multiple floors, we recommend that multiple ECBNs are configured.
Configure users who don't have a device assigned to them (for example, users who only have a soft client assigned) with a telephone number to facilitate a callback from the Public Safety Answering Point to the device that made the call.
Options for ECBN configuration
When you're configuring ECBN for a location or a user, the following options are available.

Location Default ECBN and Assigned Number from the User's Location must be directed to a live answering point, such as a receptionist or other person within the location. These options can't be an Auto Attendant, Interactive Voice Response (IVR), or other service.
User’s telephone number—Returned calls from the Public Safety Answering Point goes directly to the user. The Emergency Service Address configured by the PSTN to the user’s phone is specific to the user’s location.
Location Default ECBN—Each location can have an ECBN configured that is different from the location’s main number. Location Default ECBN is typically configured for users without dedicated telephone numbers or with only an extension.
Assigned Number from User’s Location—This lets you configure one user with another user’s telephone number as an ECBN. This option is used in place of a location’s main number when the location has multiple floors or buildings. This allows the ECBN assigned to have a more accurate Emergency Service Address associated with it.
Configure ECBN for a location

Configure telephone number users for ECBN
Configure extension only users/workspaces for ECBN
Configure virtual lines for ECBN

Non-fixed (soft) devices and ECBN

Deleting key users or numbers
Specifications
Support