August 02, 2023 |
7675 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Start and manage a webinar in webcast view
When you need attendees to join and view a livestream, interacting with panelists and hosts through chat, question and answer sessions, and polls, you can host a webinar in webcast view. You can start and manage a webinar in webcast view on your computer, mobile device, or a connected video system.
Webinars in webcast view are only included with Webex Webinars subscriptions. Registered attendees can join a webinar up to two times with the same email address on the same or multiple devices.
Webinars in webcast view aren't available for Webex for Government.
Webinars in webcast view support the latest stable versions of Chrome, Edge, Firefox, and Safari desktop and mobile browsers. Use the most up-to-date version of a supported browser to ensure the best experience. Webinars in webcast view doesn't support Internet Explorer.
For better compatibility, webinars in webcast view support earlier versions the following browsers:
Browser Version Operating system
Chrome 80 and later macOS, Windows, Android, iOS, iPadOS
Edge 80 and later macOS, Windows, Android, iOS, iPadOS
Firefox 78 and later macOS, Windows, Android, iOS, iPadOS
Safari 14 and later macOS, iOS, iPadOS
Desktop
Mobile
Connected Video System
1
Sign in User Hub, then click the Schedule drop-down menu and select Schedule a webinar.
2
(Optional) If you have any saved webinar templates, select one from the Webinar templates drop-down menu.
3
Add the following information:
Topic—Choose a topic that people recognize and can get excited about.
Date and time—Indicate when the webinar will be taking place. If you're inviting people from different time zones, click the Time zone planner so you can find a time that works best for everyone.
Maximum attendees—Choose the maximum number of attendees and whether you want a webinar in webcast view.

  For webinars that are larger than 10,000 attendees, Webcast view for attendees is required, and is automatically selected for you.
Panelists—Enter the email addresses of the people you’re inviting to help you run your webinar. You can have up to 500 panelists in your webinar. If they have an account on this site, you can select next to their name if you want them to be a cohost.
Webinar agenda—Add any context or details that you want your attendees to have about the upcoming webinar.
4
In the Security section, add the following information:
Panelist password—Use the password that's provided or enter your own. Panelists must enter this password to be part of your webinar panel. If panelists don't enter this password when they join your webinar, they join as an attendee.

  If a panelist has an account on the same site that hosts the webinar, they just have to sign in. If they don't have an account on the same site, they'll be prompted to enter this panelist password.
Check out Roles in Webex Webinars for information about the differences between the various roles.
Webinar password—Use the password that's provided or enter your own. Attendees must enter this password to join your webinar.
Join before host—Allow panelists and attendees to join your webinar and panelists to connect their audio before the webinar starts.
Require account—If you want attendees to have a Webex account on this site in order to join the webinar, check this check box.
If you want to restrict the webinar to invited attendees only, check the check box. This will turn off webinar registration options.
Public webinar—Check this to show your webinar on the public calendar list so anyone can see its details. We recommend that you add a password to secure your webinar.
5
In the Audio connection options section, add the following information:
Audio connection type

  This audio connection type is only for the host, cohost(s), and panelists. Attendees can only use VoIP in webinars in webcast view.
Webex Audio—Choose to support call-in, call-back, and computer audio options. You can then also include toll-free and global call-in numbers and set entry and exit tones to hear when someone joins or leaves the webinar.

  When using Webex Audio with the Announce Name feature, panelists who select Use computer for audio can't record and announce their names
Use VoIP only—Limits the host, cohosts, and panelists to using computer audio.
Other teleconference service—Allows you to enter third-party teleconference information.
None—No audio.
Mute panelist
Allow the host and cohosts to unmute participants (Moderated unmute mode)—Hosts and cohosts can unmute participants and SIP-based video devices directly without sending an unmute request.
Allow panelists to unmute themselves in the webinar—If you choose to mute panelists when they join, select this option to allow them to unmute themselves during the webinar.
Don't select this option if you want only the host or cohost to be able to unmute panelists.
Always mute panelists when they join the webinar—Automatically mutes panelists when they join the webinar.
6
To set up advanced options, such as requiring attendees to register, click Advanced options.
Chat, Enable polling for all participants, Notes, and File transer are turned on by default for hosts and panelists. To disable any of these features, go to Advanced options > Edit webinar options.
Chat and Allow attendees to see the number of attendees are turned on by default. Allow attendees to see attendee list is turned off by default. To disable any of these features, go to Advanced options > Edit webinar options.
Click the Host and panelists or Attendees tab, then uncheck the check boxes next to the options you want to turn off.
7
Click Schedule.
8
To start your webinar in webcast view, connect your audio and video, then click Start Webinar.

  When you start a webinar in webcast view, you're not yet streaming. Attendees can't see or hear anything until you're streaming live.
9
When you're ready to begin streaming, click Start Webinar, choose the streaming layout, then click Go Live.
10
Interact with attendees in several ways when hosting a webinar in webcast view using Slido. Use Q&A to let attendees ask questions of the panelists, or use polls togather feedback from attendees, take votes, or test knowledge. Disable these options if you don't want attendees to see them.
To stop streaming, click Stop Webinar, then click Stop to confirm.

  This doesn't end the webinar in webcast view. To end the webinar in webcast view, click End Webinar, then click End live streaming when I leave.