January 25, 2022 |
9471 view(s) |
23 people thought this was helpful
Stream Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, or Webex Events (classic) to Vbrick
You can stream your Webex meetings, webinars, or events to Vbrick Rev. This allows you to connect with your audiences by easily sharing your video and content with Webex controls.
As a host, you can stream the contents of your meetings, webinars, or events to Vbrick Rev. All streams include the audio, video, and content that is shared while the meeting or event is active.

Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren’t supported while live streaming.
When you stream a meeting, webinar, or event to Vbrick Rev, you continue to have full functionality of your Webex meeting, webinar, or event. You can start or stop your stream at any time.

Streaming using Vbrick Rev must be enabled by your site administrator.
Desktop
Mobile
Before you begin
Applies to:
All active Meetings versions with the Meet, Business, and Enterprise plans
All Events (classic) and Webinars versions
1
Sign in to your Webex site and start your meeting, webinar, or event.
2
Select More Options and then choose Start live streaming.
Live streaming isn't available during a practice session in a webinar or event.
3
(Optional) Click Change streaming layouts to set the video layout of your stream.
For more information about selecting your streaming video layout, see Live stream your Webex meetings, webinars, or events.
4
Select the Vbrick Rev target available to you and enter your Vbrick Rev username and password, then click Sign In.

  If your Rev site is set up for SAML, you may be taken to the sign-in page of your organization. After you sign in, your Vbrick Rev account information is saved on the site that you use for your meeting or event.
5
Select Existing Webcast or Record Video.
6
To confirm that you're streaming, check for the Live indicator in your meeting, webinar, or event.
7
When you want to end your stream, select More options and then choose Stop Streaming.

View the Stream