June 28, 2023 |
2123 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
SSO with multiple IdPs in Webex
SSO lets your users use a single, common set of credentials for Webex App applications and other applications in your organization. Webex allows you to set up SSO for multiple identity providers (IdPs) in your organization for user authentication. You can also create routing rules to configure authentication for various domains or user groups.
Overview
Deploy SSO
Routing rules
Manage your IdPs
Deactivate SSO
Manage SSO alerts
SSO self recovery
Single sign-on (SSO) enables users to sign in to Webex securely by authenticating to your organization's common identity provider. An identity provider (IdP) securely stores and manages your users’ digital identities and provides the user authentication service for your Webex users.
Why you might need multiple IdPs
Many big companies undergo mergers and acquisitions, and these companies rarely have the same IT infrastructure and identity providers. Government institutions have various organizations and agencies under them. Often, these organizations have a single email address for their own IT departments and infrastructure, respectively. Major educational institutions have a central purchasing department, but different universities and colleges with different IT organizations and departments.
It’s common to see IdPs and service providers (SPs) federate with each other. The IdP is responsible for authenticating your users’ credentials and the SP trusts the authentication made by the IdP. This allows your users to access various SaaS applications and services using the same digital identity. But, if for some reason your organization can’t federate between the IdPs, then Webex provides a workaround to support multiple IdPs. For these reasons, we’re giving you the option to configure SSO for multiple IdPs in Webex and simplify your users’ authentication process.
Limitations
This feature is only available if you have purchased Webex Extended Security Pack.
All users must be provisioned with Directory Connector if you're using Directory Connector in your organization. Refer to the Directory Connector deployment guide for more information.
We currently support only SAML, OpenID Connect, and Webex Identity as identity providers.
Out of scope
Configure group assignments.
Domain verification. Refer to Manage your domains for more information.
User provisioning. Refer to Ways to add users to your Control Hub organization for more information.