July 06, 2023 |
56662 view(s) |
68 people thought this was helpful
Update Webex Meetings site management from Site Administration to Control Hub
If you want to completely manage users, Webex services, and licenses all in one place, you can choose to update managing a Webex site from Site Administration to Control Hub.
About updating from Site Administration to Control Hub

  Updating a site from Site Administration to Control Hub doesn’t require an update of client versions. Some sites can't use this feature until the partners that manage those organizations are ready.

  If your Webex for Government organization includes external users, you can't currently convert from using Site Administration to Control Hub. You receive an error if you attempt to convert with external users in your organization. We expect to make this capability available for organizations with external users in mid-2023.
Webex is becoming a unified platform for managing meetings, messaging, calling, and other modes of collaboration. That's why we want to move the management of all Webex Meetings sites from Site Administration to Control Hub.
We have a tool in Site Administration to help you through this change. If your site is already eligible to update to Control Hub, you can get started by clicking on Update Administration in the navigation menu.
For a demonstration on how updating your site to Control Hub works, see this video.
To help plan your site update, review the Site assessment readiness section.
The benefits of managing sites in Control Hub include:
Unified license assignments across all Webex services, such as Meetings, Messaging, and Calling.
Consistent security policies across all Webex services.
Common sign-in experience for all end users between different Webex services.
Modern administrator controls, such as Directory Connector, SCIM, and active directory groups.
License templates to assign multiple licenses to users automatically.

  You can't use Site Administration to manage a meetings site after updating to Control Hub.
Automatic Cisco-initiated site update to Control Hub management

Differences to expect in Control Hub

Prepare your Control Hub organization



APIs for user management




Site readiness assessment

Site Administration features that block updating administration to Control Hub


Map tracking codes to user attributes in Control Hub







Review Site Admin users that could block site update




Update a Meetings site to be managed in Control Hub


Validating site management from Control Hub



End user sign in changes after updating site to Control Hub


Known issues
Frequently asked questions