January 20, 2023 |
7349 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Manage organization contacts in Control Hub
You can now create and modify organization contacts using Control Hub. All users can search for and view these contacts in the Webex app. Manage (add, delete, modify, or view) contacts in your organization using a CSV file. You can download the CSV template from Control Hub and add organization contacts. You can also download the existing CSV file and use it to update existing organization contacts. You can only update or delete organization contacts that were created in Control Hub originally. Currently, Control Hub supports up to 200,000 contacts per organization.
View contacts in Control Hub
1
Sign in to https://admin.webex.com/ and select Users.
2
Click Contacts.
3
You can use one of the following filters to select the source of the contacts:
Control Hub: View the contact details such as phone number, Email, SIP URI, and address. You can also view the source of the contact and edit or delete the contact.
BroadWorks: View the contact details such as phone number, Email, SIP URI, and address. You can also view the source of the contact. You can’t edit or delete the contact.
LDAP: View contact details such as phone number, Email, SIP URI, and address. You can also view the source of the contact. You can’t edit or delete the contact.
UCM: View contact details such as phone number, Email, SIP URI, and address. You can also view the source of the contact. You can’t edit or delete the contact.
4
You can search a contact from the list by using the search field at the top of the page. For more details on a specific contact, click the contact and view the details on the pane that appears on the right side of the screen.
Modify contacts in Control Hub
1
Click the Manage Contacts tab.
2
Select Create via CSV.
3
In the CSV bulk add or edit contacts page, select one of the following options from the drop-down list:
All editable contacts: Click Download to download the CSV file containing editable contacts. In the downloaded file, add or edit the contacts.
Sample CSV template: Click Download to download the sample template.
4
In the Upload CSV data section, click Choose a file or drag and drop the CSV file to upload.

  You can upload up to 10,000 contacts at once.
5
If the selected file is a CSV file, click Next. The Task page appears, displaying the import status. If the import is successful, the page displays Completed status and the number of contacts are added or updated. If the import is unsuccessful, the page displays the number of errors. Click the Errors tab on the left pane to view the error details. Click Export errors to CSV to download the error list. For more information on the error messages, see the 'Error messages' section.
6
Click Close.
Delete contacts in Control Hub
1
To delete an individual contact, check the check box on the left of the contact.
2
Click Delete in the Delete Contacts dialog box .
3
To delete all contacts sourced from Control Hub, click the Select all users option in the action bar after checking the check box and click Delete in the Delete Contacts dialog box. When you select this option, the contacts that are sourced from BroadWorks, LDAP, and UCM are disabled. Only the contacts that are sourced from Control Hub are selected.
Error messages
The following are the error messages that you may encounter while uploading the CSV files:
DISPLAY_NAME_MANDATORY_ERROR_MESSAGE = "Display Name is mandatory in Input CSV."
INVALID_PHONE_NUMBER_TYPE_ERROR_MESSAGE = "Invalid Phone_Number type in Input CSV."
CONTACT_METHOD_REQUIRED_ERROR_MESSAGE = "At least 1 contact method is mandatory in Input CSV."
INTERNAL_EXCEPTION_ERROR_MESSAGE = "Internal Server error."