January 20, 2023 |
7494 view(s) |
42 people thought this was helpful
Webex Assistant for Webex Meetings considerations
Review important information about using Webex Assistant for Meetings.
Webex Assistant is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view). In the 41.7. update, Webex Assistant is available in meetings started or joined from the Webex App that aren't full-featured meetings .
When joining a meeting from a room or desk device, the host and attendees can’t disable Webex Assistant from the device. When joining a meeting from the Webex App , the host and attendees can’t turn off Webex Assistant from the Webex App . The host can join the meeting from the Meetings desktop app, web app, or mobile app and turn off the Webex Assistant or the webinarsWebex administrator can set the Webex Assistant to be turned off by default when hosts start meetings and webinars.
Currently, Webex Assistant accurately transcribes English dialogue only. If the default spoken language for users isn’t English, we recommend Webex administrators set Webex Assistant to be turned off, by default, when hosts start meetings.
To receive a transcript after the meeting or webinar, the host must record the meeting or webinar in the cloud. The first time the Webex Assistant is turned on during a meeting or webinar, a walkthrough informs hosts that they have to record the meeting or webinar to get a transcript after the meeting or webinar. The following times that a meeting or webinar is started and Webex Assistant is turned on, a notification appears during the meeting or webinar to remind the host to record the meeting or webinar.
Transcripts can’t be edited during the meeting or webinar. The host and any attendee that has edit privileges for the meeting or webinar content, can edit highlight labels and text after the meeting or webinar.
If users join the meeting or webinar late or if they enter a Personal Room meeting in progress, they can only see the captions in the Captions & Highlights panel from the moment when they joined the meeting. However, if the entire meeting or webinar is recorded, any attendee who is given view or edit privileges for the meeting or webinar content will be able to view the entire recording and transcript.
No one but the host can turn on or turn off Webex Assistant during a meeting or webinar. If, in your organization, hosts schedule meetings, webinars, or event in which attendees can join before the host, Webex administrators can set the Webex Assistant to be turned off by default when meetings or webinars are started.
Turning off and turning on the Webex Assistant during a meeting or webinar clears the captions in the Captions & Highlights panel. If you use your Webex Personal Room for back-to-back meetings, clearing the captions prevents attendees from seeing what was said in your previous meeting. However, if the entire meeting or webinar is recorded, any attendee who is given view or edit privileges for the meeting or webinar content will be able to view the entire recording and transcript.