November 29, 2022 |
22279 view(s) |
288 people thought this was helpful
Join Google Meet meetings on your Cisco device
Join a Google Meet meeting with One Button to Push (OBTP), or by tapping the Google Meet button directly from your Cisco device.
You can join Google Meet meetings from your Cisco Board, Room device or Desk Pro with WebRTC. This is set up by your system administrators and depends on the type of device you have.
Join with One Button to Push
One Button to Push is available on devices where the hybrid calendar is enabled. When users schedule Google Meet meetings and include Cisco devices, a join button appears on the device screen right before the meeting begins. Simply tap Join to enter the meeting.
Once in the meeting, your device displays the video stream from Google Meet on the main screen with the grid layout by default and the call controls.
When a presentation is shared, your device displays the presentation. The content shared on screen is not interactive. The call controls and the self-view fade away after a few seconds.
Join by Dialing into the Meeting
You need the code provided in your calendar invite or at the end of the meeting link in order to join a Google Meeting with your Webex device. Once you have the code you can join by selecting the Google Meet button on your device.


Once in the meeting, your Webex device displays the video stream from Google Meet on the main screen with the grid layout by default and the call controls.
When a presentation is shared, your device displays the presentation. The content shared on screen is not interactive. The call controls and the self-view fade away after a few seconds.
Limitations
These features are not available during the meeting:
Sharing over the device is not possible. You can do it by tapping sharing options and enter the provided URL in your browser.
Participant list
Whiteboarding
Far end camera control
Layouts are grid by default
Devices with dual screens show the meeting on the main display