August 04, 2023 |
312465 view(s) |
2887 people thought this was helpful
Schedule a meeting from User Hub
Schedule meetings with options tailored to your needs. Schedule to meet quickly, or set up a series of meetings with advanced options for your team.
After you schedule your meeting, Webex automatically sends an email to the people you invited, to let them know. If you change or cancel the invite, the system automatically sends everyone a new email so they stay up-to-date.
Schedule your meeting
1
Sign in User Hub, then click the Schedule drop-down menu and select Schedule a meeting.
If you have any saved meeting templates, you can select one from the Meeting templates drop-down menu.
2
Add the basic meeting information:
Meeting type—Meeting types are default or customized sets of meeting features available for your site. Your account can have one or more meeting types associated with it.
Meeting topic—Choose a topic that people can recognize and get excited about.
Date and time—Indicate when the meeting takes place. If you're inviting people from different time zones, click the Time zone planner so you can find a time that works best for everyone.
You can also set the meeting to repeat daily, weekly, monthly, and so on, by checking Recurrence check box.
Invitees—Enter the email addresses of the people you want to invite to your meeting. If they have an account on this site, you can select next to their name if you want them to be a cohost.
Meeting agenda—Add any context or details that you want your attendees to have about the upcoming meeting.
3
Click Security, add the following information:
Meeting password—Use the provided password or enter your own. Attendees must enter this password to join your meeting.
Exclude meeting password—If you don't want the meeting password in the email invitation, check this check box.
Auto admit— Select an option for people who you didn't include in the meeting invitation:
They can join the meeting
They wait in the lobby until the host lets them in
They can't join the meeting

  The options that appear depend on the security settings set for your Webex site by your site administrator.
Invited users who sign in to their Webex account join the meeting without entering a password or waiting in the lobby.
Auto lock—To lock your meeting after it starts, check this check box and choose how many minutes pass before the meeting locks.
Join before host—Allow panelists and attendees to join your meeting and panelists to connect their audio before the meeting starts.
Public meeting—When checked, the meeting appears on your public calendar and anyone can view its details.
4
Click Audio connection options and add the following information:
Audio connection type
Webex Audio—Choose to support call-in, call-back, and computer audio options. You can then also include toll-free and global call-in numbers and set entry and exit tones to hear when someone joins or leaves the webinar.

  When using Webex Audio with the Announce Name feature, panelists who select the Use computer for audio option can't record and announce their names
Use VoIP only—Limit all panelists to using computer audio.
Other teleconference service—This allows you to enter third-party teleconference information.
None—No audio.
Entry and exit tone—Choose the sound that people where when someone joins or leaves the meeting.
Mute attendees
Allow the host and cohosts to unmute participants (moderated unmute mode)—Hosts and cohosts can unmute participants and SIP-based video devices without sending an unmute request.
Allow attendees to unmute themselves in the meeting—If you choose to mute attendees when they join, select this option so they can unmute themselves.

  Don't select this option if you want only the host or cohost to be able to unmute attendees.
Always mute attendees when they join the meeting—Automatically mute attendees when they join the meeting. Allow attendees to raise their hands so that you can unmute them.
5
(Optional) Click Advanced options, then choose more advanced settings options for tracking codes, cohosts, breakout sessions, registration, and more.

  To save these settings as a template for future use, click Save as template
6
Click Schedule.
7
(Optional) To add your scheduled meetings to another calendar app, open the meeting from Calendar, then select Add to my calendar. This option appears next to the name of the meeting.
An iCalender (.ics) file downloads. Select the .ics file and accept the meeting. To invite others to your meeting, send the .ics file as an email attachment.
Edit a scheduled meeting
After you schedule your meeting, you can go back and edit the details if you forgot to include something or want to change specific settings. You can't edit a meeting after you start it.
1
Sign in to User Hub.
2
Click Calendar from the navigation panel, select the meeting you want to edit from the Upcoming list.
3
Click Edit, then update the meeting details.

  You can only edit meetings scheduled from Microsoft Outlook, Webex App from the respective platform. The edit icon doesn't appear for these meetings.
If you add attendees to the meeting, don't remove the original attendees from the list as they may receive cancellation emails.
4
Click Save, then choose who you want to send the updated meeting information to.