August 08, 2023 |
15918 view(s) |
16 people thought this was helpful
Connect your Board, Desk, or Room device to a proxy server
Find out how you can connect your Board, Desk, or Room Series device to a proxy server. A proxy server can help you apply an extra measure of security or apply company policies such as limiting internet usage.
You can configure a Board, Desk, or Room device running RoomOS to use a proxy server for HTTPS and WebSocket traffic.
You can add your proxy server details manually or by using auto discovery. Auto discovery uses a URL to locate a configuration file containing the relevant proxy server details.
RoomOS supports the following types of authentication:
None
Basic
Digest

Proxy server support is only for HTTP(S) signalling traffic. Media traffic (UDP/TCP/TLS) still needs direct access to the internet. For more, see Network Requirements for Webex Services.
Board, Desk, Room Series
DX, MX, SX
Access the proxy settings.
If your device is new or has been reset:
Select Proxy options on the registration screen. You might have to select a call service in the First Time Setup Wizard first - choose Cisco Webex.
If your device is already activated:
Open the Device Settings. Scroll to Network and service and tap Network connection. On the next screen, select Advanced network settings and scroll down to Proxy.
Add the proxy server details manually or by auto discovery.
Manual configuration:
Choose Manual from the Proxy options. Enter the Proxy Host IP address/FQDN and the Proxy Port number. To use digest authentication (optional), toggle Proxy server requires authentication ON. Enter a Username and a Passphrase.
Auto discovery:
Choose Auto from the Proxy options. Use Auto Discovery (WPAD) is toggled ON by default. Leave this setting on if your device gets the Proxy Server's address from DNS or DHCP. Or, you can toggle the setting off and then type in the PAC URL where the endpoint can get the Proxy server address.
When you're finished, tap the checkmark on the top right of the menu.