July 14, 2023 |
708 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Release Notes for Cisco Video Phone 8875 on Webex Calling or BroadWorks
These release notes are for Cisco Video Phone 8875 deployed on Cisco BroadWorks or Webex Calling.
Check these release notes to see the latest information about improvements we have made and issues we have resolved.
If you deploy the phone to BroadWorks, make sure that you use Cisco BroadWorks 24.0 or a later version.
New features
Open and resolved bugs
Upgrade the firmware
Limitations and restrictions
May 11, 2023
Firmware Release 2.1(1) delivers the following new features and enhancements:
Meeting features
In this release, we deliver the following features and enhancements:
Your phone supports joining meetings that require a meeting PIN. When you join a PIN-protected meeting on the phone, you're prompted to choose your role and enter the PIN code.
The participant list shows the participants with their roles and the video and audio status. The invitees that aren't present are listed in the lower part of the list.
The audio mute status is now synchronized across multiple devices, including the phone, connected headset, and Webex App. This ensures that the user's audio status remains consistent across all devices when they join a meeting with the phone.
In addition to using the camera shutter, you can also use the on-screen Stop video and Start video buttons to turn your video stream on and off during a meeting.
The meeting recording indicator displays on the header of the meeting screen. When the meeting is being recorded, you can see . means that the recording is paused.
These features don't require additional administration configuration. For more information about how to use these features, go to the following links:
Join a scheduled Webex meeting with your phone
Turn your video stream on or off during a meeting
Mute or unmute yourself during a meeting
Participants list on conference calls
The Participant button on the conference screen allows the host and the participants to access the participant list. The host who has added people to the call can remove their invitees from the call. The participants can only view who else is on the call.
The Participants button is initially available to the host only. Administrators can configure the programmable softkeys to enable participants to view the attendee list.
To enable participant phones to get the participant list, use the Callinfo Subscribe parameter under Voice > Ext(n) on the phone administration page.
To configure the Participants button, configure the Connected Key List and Hold Key List fields in Programmable Softkeys under Voice > Phone.
For more details about this feature, go to the following links:
Use your phone for an ad-hoc conference
Configure conference settings for phones
New supported languages and soft keyboard for multiple languages
Your phone now supports locales in Arabic, Hebrew, Japanese, Korean, and Traditional Chinese. The latest locale installer is available on the Cisco Software Download site.
Multilingual soft keyboards are available on the phone when the system language is set to a language other than English. Users can easily switch between the English keyboard and the system-language keyboard.

  The soft keyboard doesn't currently support Korean, Japanese, and Traditional Chinese. When you set your phone to any of these languages, only the English keyboard is available.
For more information about the soft keyboard, see Soft keyboard on your phone.
March 20, 2023
Hot Desking
The Hot Desking feature is generally available with Firmware Release 2.0(1) since March 20.
Hot Desking allows your organization to make the best use of office space. People using shared workspaces can sign in and book a shared phone for their workday.
For more information about Hot Desking, go to the following links:
Configure Hot Desking
Use a shared desk phone (Hot Desking)
January 17, 2023
Firmware Release 2.0(1) delivers the following new feature:
FIPS mode enabling
You can now enable phone with Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliance. This validation is required after OpenSSL Cisco OpenSSL 7.2.440 is ported to SL 2.0 as secured communication system through cryptography is important.
To enable this feature from the phone administration web page, use the FIPS mode parameter under the Security Settings section from Voice > System.
October 13, 2022
Cisco Video Phone 8875 is launched with Firmware Release 1.0(1).
For the phone specifications, see Cisco Video Phone 8875 Data Sheet.