March 06, 2023 |
133712 view(s) |
817 people thought this was helpful
Lock or unlock your Webex meeting
Lock your Webex scheduled and Personal Room meetings to keep uninvited people from joining. If you don't lock your Personal Room, anyone can enter it with your Personal Room URL.
Your Personal Room meetings lock by default. When you lock your meeting, it prevents more attendees from joining until you admit them. You can lock or unlock the meeting at any time while the session is in progress. If you have back-to-back meetings or need privacy in your Personal Room, lock the room.
When you lock the meeting:
No one can enter the meeting until you unlock it.
You see a list of all attendees waiting in the lobby. The list indicates who has signed in and who hasn’t. Choose who to allow into the meeting.
Anyone who already joined the meeting, including the host, can't call in to connect to the meeting audio. They can still use their computer for audio, or have the meeting call them.
Lock or unlock your meeting
People who received an invite and who sign in to their Webex account can always join unlocked meetings without having to wait in the lobby.
Choose your settings for unauthenticated participants according to your site security requirements. You can allow guests to join unlocked meetings directly. If you lock your meeting, you can allow guests to wait in the lobby until admitted, or prevent guests from joining at all.
You can set your own settings while scheduling a meeting from your site, or from Personal Room preferences for meetings in your room.
During a meeting, go to More options in the meeting controls, and then click the slider next to Lock meeting to lock or unlock your meeting.
Automatically lock your scheduled meeting
Set your locked meeting options when you schedule your meeting. Choose the behavior for people joining the meeting who you didn't receive a meeting invite, and choose whether to lock the meeting automatically after it starts. You can choose from 0, 5, 10, 15, or 20 minutes. By default, the meeting locks after 5 minutes.
Automatically lock your Personal Room
You can set an option in your Personal Room preferences to lock your room automatically after you start a meeting. You can choose from 0, 5, 10, 15, or 20 minutes. By default, your Personal Room locks at 0 minutes.
1
From your Webex site, go to Preferences > My Personal Room.
2
Check Automatically lock my meeting × minutes after the meeting starts, and then choose how many minutes you want before your Personal Room locks.