February 24, 2023 |
297 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot your Cisco Headset 720 Series
Try these steps if you're having issues with your 720 headset.
First steps
Try these solutions first if you experience problems with your Cisco Headset 720 Series.
Make sure your headset is the selected audio device.
Make sure your headset is fully charged.
Make sure your headset is on.
Disconnect other active Bluetooth ® or USB devices.
Increase the volume on your headset or call device.
Make sure your microphone boom is down when you start a call.
Download Cisco Headsets app on your mobile device and run the available software updates.
Make sure your Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter has the latest firmware.
Erase all Bluetooth connections and reconnect your headset.
Restart your call device.
Connect to a different call device.
Move your headset closer to your desired call device and away from any potential sources of radio interference or obstructions.
Make sure that the Bluetooth drivers on your Windows or Mac device are up to date.
If none of the above solutions work, you can open a TAC case for more assistance. All Cisco Headset 720 Series headsets come with a one-year hardware warranty. To open a TAC case, go to https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/index.html and click Open New Case.

  Be sure to have your original sales order number on hand before you open a new case.
Update your headset firmware
Firmware upgrades improve your audio experience or add new functionality to your headset. You can upgrade your headset firmware through the Cisco Headsets mobile app, Cisco Accessory Hub, and Webex App. Headset upgrades take about 7–10 minutes to complete.
1
To begin your upgrade, do one of these actions:
Pair your headset to your smart phone, and open the Cisco Headsets mobile app.

  The Cisco Headsets app won't upgrade your headset when the headset battery is low. Make sure your headset is charged before you upgrade.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a computer with Webex App.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a computer and go to Cisco Accessory Hub.

  You can also update your USB HD adapter through Cisco Accessory Hub.
2
Follow the on-screen instructions.
My Bluetooth ® device can't find the headset
Try these steps if your headset doesn't connect with your Bluetooth ® device:
On your call device:
Turn Bluetooth off, then on again.
Delete the headset from the list of Bluetooth devices and pair the headset again.
Reboot your headset.
Reboot your call device.
Make sure that your headset is within 3 feet (1 meter) of your intended device.
Clear all paired devices from the headset and start the pairing process over.
Make sure the Bluetooth drivers on your Windows or Mac device are up to date.
My headset shows up twice in the Bluetooth ® device list
Your Cisco Headset should initially appear in Bluetooth ® device lists as Cisco HS, followed by the last three digits of your headset serial number.
After your headset pairs to a Windows 10 device, you will have the option to select between a Stereo and Hands-free (HFP) Bluetooth connection. Make sure you select the Bluetooth profile that best suits your needs. A Stereo Bluetooth connection features richer sound and works best for music and video playback. Hands-free is intended for voice calls. Depending on the calling application you have, you may not be able to hear audio when you select Stereo.

  Occasionally, your headset may appear twice in the Windows 10 Bluetooth device list when you first pair your headset. Pair with the headset that displays Audio underneath your headset name. Your headset may not properly pair to theCisco Headsets mobile app if you select the other entry. The incorrect Bluetooth entry usually appears next to this icon .
If you accidentally select the wrong headset entry, remove the connection from the Devices menu before you pair your headset again.
Factory reset your headset
Is your headset going to a new user? Do you need to troubleshoot an issue? You can reset your Cisco Headset 720 to its factory default setting. A factory reset clears all saved Bluetooth connections and resets all headset settings to their default values.
Simultaneously hold the Power/Bluetooth switch up and the Mute button for 4 seconds.
Clean your headset
To clean your headset, use only a dry soft cloth to gently wipe the ear pads, microphone, and headset base. Do not apply liquids or powders directly to the headset. As with all non-weatherproof electronics, liquids and powders can damage the components, cause failures, and will void the headset warranty.