November 03, 2021 |
44689 view(s) |
182 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Test Your Connection with the Health Checker
Whether you're experiencing an issue with the app or are curious about the service status, use the Health Checker to confirm that Webex App services and connections are okay. Test results show the status of the cloud, not your connection to the cloud.
Internet—Health Checker makes sure that your computer is connected to the Internet.
Server Connection—Health Checker confirms that the Webex App can connect to the Webex cloud components. Click Test to verify if your computer can reach the cloud servers. If all services are accessible, a green check mark appears. If a service connection fails because of a rejected certificate, a red stop sign with a link for more information and a list of affected components appears.
Cloud—Health Checker gets the status of the Webex cloud from https://status.webex.com. If there's an outage, the color of the Cloud section turns orange or red, depending on the severity of the outage. Click status.webex.com to get details about any system issues or outages.
Phone Services (Unified CM only)—Health Checker tests the connection of your phone services, such as VDI soft phone server, desk phone server, and voicemail server. Click Test to verify if your phone services are connected. If phone services are accessible, a green check mark appears. If a service connection fails, a red stop sign with a link for more information appears.
Outlook Integration (Windows only)—Health Checker tests your computer's registry status, which verifies the integrity of your existing registry, the presence status for Webex App, and the service status based on the connection to the Outlook Integration. If there's an outage, the color will change depending on the severity of the outage. You can click Reset Integration to force the Outlook registration again in the event of a failure, and click Refresh to check the registry status after a reset. A partial impact indicates another application you're running is also registered with Outlook.
See more details in Diagnostics—Diagnostic Tool gives you the ability to collect information needed to troubleshoot your Webex App for connection and media quality issues.
Windows
Mac
Click your profile picture, and then go to Help > Health Checker.