May 23, 2023 |
3722 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Wireless sharing with Miracast®
When Miracast® is enabled, you can share content wirelessly from your laptop to a Cisco Board, Desk, or Room Series device without the need for a client.
Miracast uses Wi-Fi Direct to establish a direct network connection from your laptop to the Cisco device, allowing you to share content wirelessly. This works both in and out of calls: to share in-call, start the call first. Making or receiving a call during an active share will disconnect your Miracast session.
Miracast sharing is activated or deactivated by your system administrator . Depending on the setup you might be able to toggle it on or off yourself on the device from the Settings menu at Screen and Video > Miracast .

You can share from Windows and Android devices. Before enabling Miracast, your Administrator should check firewall settings and verify that TCP port 7236 is open on Windows devices.

Google (Pixel) Android devices do not support Miracast.
Sharing from a Windows device
To start a Miracast share from a Windows device:
On your laptop press Windows+K , or click the Action Center icon and then click Connect . Windows will scan for Miracast receivers.
Click on the Board, Desk, or Room Series device you want to cast to. A PIN will appear on the device's screen.
Enter the PIN on your laptop and click Connect .
Sharing starts.

Reopen the Action Center > Connect list and select the connected device to disconnect it, or to change the Projection Mode . For example, you'd select Extend if you want to show slides on the device, but keep meeting notes on your laptop screen only.
Sharing from an Android device
To start a Miracast share from an Android device:
On a Samsung device, open the Settings menu and select Smart View or Dex . Note that the naming is different on other Android devices.
Click on the Board, Desk, or Room Series device you want to cast to. A PIN will appear on the device's screen.
Enter the PIN on your Android device.
Sharing starts.