March 03, 2023 |
751 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Webex Control Hub Help Desk for partners
Help Desk is a support tool that you can use to help your customers troubleshoot issues, such as clearing a user’s email address from the email suppression list so they get the welcome or provisioning email, and accessing a customer’s organization as a read-only administrator to help verify settings.
Overview
To use the Help Desk tool, a partner administrator must assign you the Help Desk role. With this tool, you can search for customers that you manage in Partner Hub to view the details of their account and organization.
The supported attributes that you can search for are:
An organization's name.
An organization's ID.
A user's first and last name.
A user's unique ID.
Phone numbers.
Webex sites.
Email addresses.
A device's serial number, MAC address, or SIP address.
Search by user
Enter a user's email, first and last name, phone number, or display name to find out more information about their account. You can see what their status is in the organization, the status of the last email sent to them, the licenses assigned to them, what devices belong to them, and the feature toggles enabled for their account.
When you're helping out a user, you can click on Send Code to send a verification code to the email address. Ask the user to read back the code to you, which helps verify that you're helping the correct user.
If a user is having email-related issues, you can use Help Desk to check what the status of the last email sent from Webex to them was. You can also clear them from Cisco's suppression list to make sure they receive emails from Webex services.
Search by customer
Enter the name of the customer's organization or a domain that they claimed or verified to see when the account was created, the Webex Meetings sites associated with the organization, and other details on how their organization is set up.
Some of the reasons why you’d want to view a customer’s organization are to:
See their license and subscription information.
See who the customer administrators are and their email addresses if you need to contact them.
Search for a specific device or user within that organization.
Sign in to their organization as a read-only administrator to help troubleshoot a problem. The customer must allow access to their organization for you to do this.
View a user or customer
1
Sign in to Webex Help Desk with your Partner Hub credentials.
2
Use the Search bar to search for a user, a customer's organization, or a web order number.
3
Select one of the search results.

  To search for users or devices within a specific organization, click Search next to the organization under the Customers results list.
View a customer's organization as a read-only administrator
The customer must allow read-only access to their organization for you to view their organization as a read-only administrator.
1
Sign in to Webex Help Desk with your Partner Hub credentials.
2
Use the Search bar to search for the customer's organization that you want view, and then select the customer.
3
Click View [Organization's Name] under Customer Portal View.