June 06, 2023 |
37937 view(s) |
101 people thought this was helpful
Screen layouts for Cisco devices
Cisco Video Conferencing Devices are purpose built to help teams collaborate and create together in real time, no matter how far the distance. When enabled with video conferencing, they allow users to see every video stream from the meeting in a variety of layouts. We'll show you what to expect when attending meetings from Board, Desk, and Room Series devices, and Immersive TelePresence video conferencing devices.
You can choose how video streams appear during a meeting by selecting one of the layout options. How the layout appears depends on your device and the number of screens in your setup. Layouts also change when someone shares content in a meeting.
This article describes how the layouts appear according to the number of screens in your setup, and whether there is content being shared or not.
When you call into a Webex meeting from a Cisco device, you'll see a Layout button on your touch controller or integrated touch screen. Tapping it opens a menu and you can select different layouts.
Read more
This article contains descriptions about how each layout looks by default, and when each one is available to you. There are two features you can enable and disable from the Layouts menu, which can enhance your chosen layout's appearance and optimize screen space. See these articles for more information: People focus on Board, Desk, and Room Series and Hide non-video participants in meetings.
Single screen
Dual screen
Triple screen
TIP systems
Third-party devices
Below, you can find out how each layout will appear on single screen setups: with participants only, and with shared content. This applies to Board, Desk, and Room Series devices.
The same layouts are also available during Cisco Webex Video Integration for Microsoft Teams calls, on a single screen.
Single screen layouts - participants only
Grid
This layout shows a grid of up to 5x5 participants. Grid is the default layout for single screens. Here's an example of Grid for a Room Kit:


The sort order of the participant thumbnails is based on speaker history. The most recent active speakers are visible.

If you're using Grid layout and you toggle on closed captions, your layout will automatically show a maximum of 9 participants in a 3x3 grid.
Focus
Focus shows a full-screen video of the active speaker, and is used in meetings between two people. Here's an example of Focus for a Board Pro:


Stack
In this layout, up to 6 thumbnails of the participants appear above the active speaker. Here's an example of Stack for a Board Pro:


The active speaker changes dynamically.
Prominent
Prominent shows the active speaker in the upper left part of the screen, with other participants ranged across the bottom and beside on the right.
Here's an example of Prominent for a Room Kit:


Single screen layouts - shared content
Stack
In Stack layout, content appears on the main screen with up to 6 participants in thumbnails across the top. Stack is the default layout for single screen devices when content is being shared. Here's an example of Stack for a Board Pro:


Focus
Focus shows content only and no participants will appear on the screen. Here's an example of Focus for a Room Kit:


If someone starts to share content your device will automatically switch to Stack, which is the default layout for meetings with shared content. You can still switch to another layout, which will then show participants and content.

Once you've selected another content layout yourself, your device will automatically switch to that layout instead of Stack, the next time someone starts to share.
If you minimize content to a thumbnail, or content sharing stops, the participants go back to the last layout they were in.
Floating
Floating shows content and the active speaker only. Other participants don't appear on the screen. The active speaker 'floats' on top of the content and on a Desk or Board device, you can move it around to different locations on your screen.
Here's an example of Floating for a Room Kit:


Side by Side
Side by Side layout is only available for selection in meetings where someone is sharing content. It shows content on the left side of your screen, and participants on the right. Depending on your device and the size of the meeting, the participants on the right may appear in the layout you were using before content sharing started.
Here's an example of Side by Side for a Board Pro:


Prominent
Depending on your device and the size of the meeting you're in, Prominent might also be available.Prominent shows the shared content in the upper left part of the screen, with participants ranged across the bottom and beside on the right.
Here's an example of Prominent for a Room Kit: