January 20, 2023 |
26538 view(s) |
181 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Answer a call
When you get a call, you get a notification that you can use to accept or decline it. The notifications appear on the devices that you use for Webex App, such as your computer, mobile phone, or desk phone. If you use more than one, you can answer or decline the call from whichever device you prefer.
Webex App searches for the caller ID of an incoming call from various contact sources in the following order:
Your company directory in Webex Common Identity (CI).
Organization contacts added by your administrator, and personal contacts in your Contacts tab.
Local OS contacts: Outlook, Mac contacts, Android contacts, and iPhone contacts.
You'll see the caller ID in the incoming call notification, call history, and voicemail, if you have voicemail set up.
If there's no match found with the incoming phone number, then Webex App uses the display name in the Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) INVITE header if available. Otherwise, it uses the username part of the SIP Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) from the SIP FROM header.
When a call is forwarded or redirected, Webex App shows information on the caller, and where it was forwarded or redirected from. This includes calls forwarded or redirected from hunt groups, call center queues, and executive assistants.
If you're set up with Webex Calling or your calling is hosted by a service provider, and you decline a call on one device, the call may continue to ring on your other devices. The call will eventually be sent to your voicemail, if you have voicemail set up.
Desktop
iPhone and iPad
Android
Web
When you get an incoming call notification, choose the option that best suits you at the time:
Answer—you’re ready to answer the call. When you answer a call from another person who is using Webex App, the call starts with your video on.
Decline—you don't want to take the call.
Message—send a message instead of taking the call.
Hold meeting & answer—you're in a Webex scheduled meeting, a Personal Room meeting, or a meeting associated with a space, but want to take the call. Your video and audio are paused in the meeting until you're finished with your call. Your name remains in the Participants list and you continue to see any content that's being shared in the meeting.
If you're connected to a Cisco headset, you can also answer or decline the call from the headset. For more information, see Make and Answer Calls using the Cisco Headset 730 or Use Your Cisco Headset 500 Series.
If you're set up with Unified CM and you answer the call on your desk phone with video support, you can see the person's screen share on your phone. If your phone doesn't support video, you can see the shared screen on your desktop app.