February 03, 2022 |
6466 view(s) |
57 people thought this was helpful
Create or delete meeting highlights during a meeting or webinar
Meeting and webinar hosts and participants can capture key points during a meeting or webinar as highlights using Webex Assistant for Meetings. Highlights are short notes that can be shared and followed up on later. After the meeting or webinar ends, highlights are emailed to the host and are available to them on their Webex site. Hosts can share the highlights with anyone who has an account on their Webex site and email selected highlights to others.
Webex Assistant is available in Meetings and Webex Webinars (not available for webinars in webcast view).
Beginning with the 41.5 update, Webex Webinars supports Webex Assistant.
In addition to Meetings and Webinars, with the 41.7 update, Webex Assistant is also available for the Webex App. Meetings started or joined from a space don't support Webex Assistant.
Webex for Government doesn't support Webex Assistant.
This feature requires Cisco Webex video platform version 2.0 with joining meetings from video systems enabled. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
Hosts can turn on or turn off the Webex Assistant during the meeting or webinar. To automatically turn on the Webex Assistant whenever you start a meeting or webinar, see Set your Webex Meetings scheduling preferences.
Windows and Mac
iOS and Android
When you create a highlight, the text is highlighted in blue in the Captions tab and appears in the Highlights tab of the Captions & Highlights panel. Highlights are time stamped and labelled according to what type of highlight was created. Labels include action item, agenda, decision, note, parking lot, reminder, and summary.
1
Create a highlight by doing one of the following:
In the Captions & Highlights panel, hover over the caption that you want to save as a meeting or webinar highlight and select Highlight.
If you want to highlight part of a caption only, select that text and select Highlight. If you highlight something by mistake, hover over it and select Unhighlight.
Use a voice command to create a highlight.
Speak naturally and the Webex Assistant will listen for keyword triggers and capture moments during the meeting or webinar. For a list of keyword triggers, see Use voice Webex Assistant voice commands and keywords during a meeting, webinar, or event.
2
Delete a highlight by selecting the Highlights tab in the Captions & Highlights panel and selecting Delete highlight next to the highlight that you want to delete.