January 07, 2022 |
15577 view(s) |
39 people thought this was helpful
Change your Webex Meetings app settings on your mobile device
Adjust various settings in the Meetings mobile app according to your needs. You can change notification settings, audio and video settings for meetings, and calendar integrations for your device.
iOS
Android
Meetings mobile app settings
Open the app and tap Settings to view the main settings menu.
My Account—See your account information, and you can also Sign Out from this setting.
General—Change settings for clearing shared files and histories after Webex meetings. You can also change your notification settings.
Audio & Video—Adjust your audio and video settings for meetings, and allow the app to use your mobile data.
Meeting List—Integrate your Webex calendar, device calendar, or Microsoft Office 365 calendar with the app.
Help—Watch tutorial videos, report problems, and access the Webex Help Center for more information on the app.
About—View the app version and Terms of Service.
Upload a profile picture
If your site administrator has enabled this feature, you can upload your own images to display as your profile picture.
1
Go to Settings > My Account, and tap your initials or current profile picture.
2
Choose to do one of the following:
Take Photo—use your device's camera to take a photo.
Choose Existing Photo—select a photo from your device's gallery.
Remove Photo—delete your current profile picture.

  Depending on your site, you may not see the option to remove your profile picture.
Update your profile name
1
Go to Settings > My Account > Display name.
2
Edit your first and last name, and when finished, tap Save.
Update your password
1
Go to Settings > My Account > Change password.
2
Enter your current password under Old password, then enter your new password under New password and Confirm password, and click Save.

  At this time, you can only change your password if your Webex site is managed in Webex Site Administration.
Switch between light and dark mode
You can set your app to use light or dark mode by default. Light and dark mode change the way app pages, such as My Meetings or Recordings, and meetings look.
1
Go to Settings > General > Appearance.
2
Toggle Use Device Settings off, if necessary, and then choose Light or Dark mode.
Mute background noise
Limit distractions from background noise so you don't disrupt your meetings.
Go to Settings > Audio & Video, and then tap Remove Background Noise.