June 19, 2023 |
6853 view(s) |
13 people thought this was helpful
Migrate Personal Contacts to Webex
In this article
Understanding Personal Contacts
Use Control Hub to migrate your end users' Jabber custom contacts or any third-party custom contact source to Webex personal contacts. Contact migration to cloud is a one time import that enables you to search, look up, call, message, or invite your contacts similar to Jabber.
End users define Webex Personal Contacts in the Webex app.
Jabber Custom Contacts refer to non-directory contacts who are outside of your organization and contacts that are stored in the database of Cisco Unified Communications Manager - IM & Presence Service.
Third-party contacts refer to contacts who're outside your org that may be exported and later imported into Webex.
Prerequisite
Before you start migration of the personal contacts, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Get familiar with Control Hub.
Webex Control Hub is the management interface for the Webex platform. For more information, see Get Started with Webex Control Hub.
Access Control Hub with full administrator privileges.
With full administrator privileges, you can assign one or more roles to any user in your organization. Ensure to assign a user with administrator privilege so you can migrate the rest of your Jabber custom contacts. For more information, see Assign Organizational Account Roles in Webex Control Hub.
Ensure the on-premises applications from where you plan to migrate the personal contacts such as Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Unified CM - IM and Presence Service is at version 11.5 or later to use the Control Hub migration wizard.
If you're migrating your end users' Jabber custom contacts, use Bulk Administration to download the end-user file from Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) and contacts file from Unified CM - IM and Presence.
Use the Import/Export menu in the Cisco Unified Communications Manager application, to import the users. See the Export Users Using Unified CM Bulk Administration for detailed information.
If importing custom contacts from third-party sources, use the procedure that is described in Import Personal Contacts from Third Party Sources.
Ensure that your migration task conforms to a maximum of 500 contacts per user and a maximum of 10,000 contacts in a single file. We recommend listing the same type of contacts in a single file.
Export Users Using Unified CM Bulk Administration


Task Flow
Import Personal Contacts from On-Premises Application





Import Personal Contacts from Third Party Sources



Migrated Contacts
Prepare your CSV to migrate personal contacts