August 09, 2021 |
937 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Configure Settings for Meetings Started by Phone
Hosts can start Personal Room and scheduled meetings by dialing in with their phone. As an administrator, you can add an extra layer of security to these meetings or make joining these meetings more convenient for hosts and attendees.
Control Hub
Site Administration
1
From the Customer View in https://admin.webex.com, under Services, select Meetings.
2
Select your site and click Configure Site.
3
Under Common Settings, select Site Options.
4
If you’re configuring settings for Personal Room meetings started by phone, scroll down to Site Options. You can configure the following settings:
Allow hosts to start Personal Room meetings from phone—Enable the host to start meetings without the Webex Meetings app by dialing in with their phones.
Require hosts to validate their phone number that is saved in their preferences when starting a Personal Room meeting from their phones—When enabled, Webex Meetings validates the phone number saved in the host's Audio and Video preferences on their Webex account against the number they're calling from. When disabled, the host can start their Personal Room meeting without validating their phone number. This setting is disabled by default.
Guests can join without waiting in the lobby when the host starts an unlocked meeting from a phone—Attendees who don't have an account on the host's site can join the host's Personal Room meeting directly without waiting for host approval in the meeting lobby. This setting only applies when the Guests wait in the lobby until the host admits them setting under Personal Room Security is enabled.
5
If you’re configuring settings for scheduled Webex meetings, scroll down to Security Options. Under Webex Meetings Phone Settings, you can configure the following:
Require hosts to validate their phone number that is saved in their preferences when starting a meeting from their phones—When enabled, Webex Meetings validates the phone number saved in the host's Audio and Video preferences in their Webex account against the number they're calling from. When disabled, the host can start a scheduled meeting without validating their phone number. This setting is enabled by default.
Guests can join without waiting in the lobby when the host starts an unlocked meeting from a phone—Attendees who don't have an account on the host's site can join the host's scheduled meeting directly without waiting for host approval in the meeting lobby. This setting only applies when the Guests wait in the lobby until the host admits them setting under Webex Meetings Security is enabled.