June 12, 2023 |
38308 view(s) |
270 people thought this was helpful
Simultaneous interpretation in Webex meetings, webinars and Personal Rooms
Make your scheduled Webex meetings, webinars and personal room meetings more inclusive and efficient by including simultaneous interpretation, which allows attendees to hear the presentation in their preferred language.
This feature is supported on Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. On Webex App, this feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform. Find out if your meetings use the Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
On Webex App, this feature isn't available for Webex for Government.
Hosts
Hosts can enable simultaneous interpretation for the meetings and webinars that they schedule. As host, you create the audio channels, invite interpreters and assign them to languages. Meeting and webinar hosts can also manage the interpretation during their meeting, so you can add new language channels and assign participants to be interpreters to meet the needs of more attendees.

  You can only add interpretation for Personal Room meetings after you start the meeting.
Here are the tasks you can perform as a host:
Preassign interpreters in meetings and webinars
Enable simultaneous interpretation and manage interpreters for a Personal Room meeting
Create language channels and assign interpreters during a meeting or webinar
Interpreters
Interpreters are critical to making sure attendees can understand what's happening in their meeting or webinar. Before you join, the invitation you receive from the host lets you know that you were invited as an interpreter and the language that you were assigned. This email includes information on how to join the meeting or webinar.
Interpreters also have a unique icon ( ) next to their names in the attendee list, distinguishing them from panelists and other attendees.
As an interpreter, you hear the original meeting, webinar or personal room audio and see the active speaker and any shared content so that you can translate it to your target language. You can switch the direction of your target language if you're interpreting in both directions. If there are multiple interpreters assigned to your language, you can hand off interpretation to them when it's their turn. Send them chat messages if you need to coordinate hand-offs or just want to make sure you're all in sync.
The host determines the order of interpreters when they preassign them. The host can also manage the order in the meeting. Interpreter 1 can hand off to interpreter 2, then interpreter 3, then back to interpreter 1, and so on.
Here are the tasks you can perform as an interpreter:
Select the source language for interpretation
Change the interpretation direction
Hand off interpretation to the next interpreter
Ask the active interpreter to handover interpretation
Attendees
Attendees can choose the language channel for their preferred language before they join or at any time during a meeting or webinar. If you connect to a video device from the desktop app, you can control your preferred language and language volume from the desktop app or from your video device and they stay in sync.
Here are the tasks you can perform as an attendee:
Select your preferred language channel
Known issues and limitations for simultaneous interpretation