July 13, 2022 |
10529 view(s) |
29 people thought this was helpful
Wired touch redirect from Board and Desk Series devices
Connect your laptop to a Board or Desk Series device and control your laptop screen directly from the touch screen.
Touch redirect works when you have connected your Windows 10 laptop to the Board or Desk Series device with an HDMI cable and a USB-C cable. For Desk Series, Touch Redirect also works if you only use a USB-C cable. It’s well suited for tasks that involve drag and drop, drawing programs, and maps.
Touch redirect works when you're sharing locally or sharing in a call.
The feature is tested and verified with Windows 10. Basic functionality should also work with another OS.

Touch redirect is not supported on Board 55, Board 70, Desk Hub, DX70, or DX80.
Limitations
When you use touch redirect, you can’t use annotation on the screen you’re sharing.
Volume control on the Webex Board isn’t available when touch redirect is in use. Use the volume control from your laptop.
If the Webex Board has a touch controller connected, you can’t move your self-view while a USB-C cable is connected to the board.
Touch redirect isn’t available with Companion Mode.
Enable drag and drop on your Browser
To use touch redirect for drag and drop on your browser, you need to enable this on your browser.
Chrome: go to chrome://flags/#touch-events and set to Enabled .
Firefox: go to about:config and set Dom.w3c_touch_events.legacy_apis.enabled = true .
Edge: go to about:flags and set Enable Touch Events = always on .
1
If you are using a Windows 10 laptop, switch your laptop to tablet mode. Select the action center on the taskbar next to the date and time, and then select Tablet mode to turn it on.
2
Connect your laptop to a Board or Desk Series device with an HDMI cable and a USB-C cable. For Desk Series, Touch Redirect also works if you only use a USB-C cable. You can use either a USB-C-USB-C cable or a USB-C-USB-A cable.
Note: USB-C-USB-A cables are supported for longer cable lengths.
3
Touch redirect is available instantly if your Board or Desk Series device is set up for autoshare. If not, select Share from the board’s user interface.
If you want to switch to other activities on the Webex Board while you’re using touch redirect, press the home button on the board.
If you want to switch to other activities on the Desk device while you're using touch redirect, tap the Touch Redirect button and tap the screen to access home screen.