March 07, 2023 |
1469662 view(s) |
6387 people thought this was helpful
Allow someone to schedule Webex Meetings on your behalf in Microsoft Outlook
You can delegate someone else to schedule meetings for you from Microsoft Outlook using Webex Scheduler or Webex Productivity Tools. This is useful when you're unable to reach a computer or if you have another person manage your calendar.
Allow someone to schedule meetings on your behalf overview
To give another host permission to manage your Webex meetings from Microsoft Outlook for Microsoft Exchange, first give them scheduling permissions on your Webex site. Then, share your calendar and assign the other host as a delegate in Microsoft Outlook. If you use Microsoft Outlook with a Microsoft 365 account, you only need to assign the other host as a delegate in Microsoft Outlook.
If using Exchange on-premises, your version of Outlook must be on the Current Channel or Monthly Enterprise Channel for updates. The delegate must have a host account and have Webex Scheduler or Webex Productivity Tools installed.
Final release for Webex Productivity Tools
The June (42.6) release was the final release for Productivity Tools for Windows. The final release for Productivity Tools for Mac was 41.5 as Microsoft blocked injection-based plugins on Mac.
Microsoft Outlook customers who wish to schedule Webex meetings from Microsoft Outlook should move to the Webex Scheduler add-in.
The Webex Meetings desktop app and Webex Productivity Tools are provided in two separate packages. For information on the desktop app, see Webex Meetings Desktop App.
Productivity Tools no longer supports integrations with IBM Lotus Notes, IBM Sametime, Microsoft Lync, Internet Explorer, and Skype for Business from 41.2.
Set scheduling permission in Microsoft Outlook
Windows
Mac
Web
1
From the Calendar in Microsoft Outlook, select Share Calendar > Calendar from the Home ribbon.
2
Click Add.
3
Enter the name or email address of the person you want to assign as a delegate, click Add, and then click OK.
4
Select Delegate from the list of permissions, and then click OK.