January 18, 2023 |
5440 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
Configure a persistent web app on Room Navigator
Running a third-party web application on a Cisco Room Navigator lets you integrate your company's custom solution for managing room bookings and communicating workplace guidelines and information.
The app that you select displays on the Room Navigator’s entire screen, replacing the RoomOS user interface, and it can’t be dismissed by end-users.
This feature is supported on Room Navigators that are remotely paired over the network to a Room Series device. Directly paired Room Navigators are not supported.
Before you begin
If the Room Navigator is already paired to the device, reset the Room Navigator first.
If the web app you are going to display requires any proxy configurations or loading any certificates on the Webex device, carry out those procedures before pairing the Room Navigator to your device. Otherwise, you'll have to reboot the Room Navigator again after pairing it.

You can't enable persistent web apps while the device is in a call.
You can configure a persistent web app to display on a Room Navigator from the Webex device's web interface, or from Control Hub.
Configure from Control Hub
Access Control Hub. See the Device Configurations article for more information.
You can configure a single device or multiple devices.
Single device: Go to Devices and click the device in the devices list. Click Navigator persistent web app. Toggle on Enable persistent web app and enter a URL. Then click Save.
Multiple devices: Go to Devices and select the devices from the devices list. Click Edit and Navigator persistent web app. Toggle on Enable persistent web app and enter a URL. Then click Next and Apply.
Pair the Room Navigator to the configured device.
After successfully pairing the devices, follow the prompts in the first-time setup wizard and select Persistent Web App to display the app.
All Room Navigators with Persistent Web App enabled and paired to the device will show the same app.
Configure from the device's web interface
Access the device's web interface. See the Device Configurations article for more information.
Set the following configurations:
Select NetworkServices .
Set HTTP > Mode to HTTP+HTTPS
Set Websocket to FollowHTTPService
Select UserInterface .
Set HomeScreen Peripherals WebApp URL to the URL of the web app you want to show on the Room Navigator.
Select WebEngine .
Set Features > XAPI Peripherals AllowedHosts Hosts to the domain for the URL you set above. When defining allowed hosts:
Don't include http(s)://. For example, if your URL above is set to http://www.google.com, set www.google.com as an allowed host.
To set multiple allowed hosts, separate each domain with a comma.
Leave this setting blank to block all hosts, or, set a single asterisk (*) to allow all hosts.
Select Security .
Set XAPI Websocket APIKey Allowed to True. This is only required if the web app will use the device API.
Detailed information about each setting is available on roomos.cisco.com .
Pair the Room Navigator to the configured device.
After successfully pairing the devices, follow the prompts in the first-time setup wizard and select Persistent Web App to display the app.
All Room Navigators with Persistent Web App enabled and paired to the device will show the same app.
Changing or disabling a persistent web app
To display a different web app on the Room Navigator, change the URL you already set on the paired device:
Single device from Control Hub: Go to Devices and click the device in the devices list. Click Navigator persistent web app. Enter the new URL and click Save.
Multiple devices from Control Hub: Go to Devices and select the devices from the devices list. Click Edit and Navigator persistent web app. Enter the new URL. Then click Next and Apply.
Device's web interface: Go to Settings and select UserInterface . Set HomeScreen Peripherals WebApp URL to the new URL.
To stop displaying a persistent web app on a Room Navigator, factory reset it.
Developing web apps
See roomos.cisco.com for information about building web apps for persistent mode on Room Navigator, and a list of supported device APIs that are available for use with the web app.