May 30, 2023 |
3872 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Admin Guidelines for Cisco Room USB
In this article
Read more about the administrator guidelines for the Cisco Room USB.
Introducing Cisco Room USB
The Cisco Room USB is a videoconferencing solution for huddle spaces, and is controlled with a remote control or direcly through your software client. It provides a great video and audio experience in meetings, with features such as automatic noise cancellation and best overview. When not in use, you can display custom content with digital signage and add customized branding on your screen. The Room USB also works as a 4K local content sharing hub and connects from your computer to your display with an HDMI cable.
You can only register the Room USB as a shared device.
When registered to Cisco Webex, these features are available:
Webex Control Hub, offering remote management, software upgrades, and analytics
Digital signage and branding
Wireless sharing through your browser
Smart rooms, providing people count for usage metrics, and automatic screen integration through HDMI
Activate a Cisco device
Before you begin
When you register your Board, Desk, or Room series device to Cisco Webex, you can administer it from Control Hub. To learn more about Control Hub, see Get started with Cisco Webex Control Hub .
Before you start setting up your device, create a workspace and a 16-digit activation code on Control Hub. Read here how to Create a Workspace and Generate an Activation Code for a Device .
If you want to add Cisco Webex Calling and other services, see Add Services to an Existing Workspace with Cisco Boards, Room and Desk Devices . Note that you can't add Cisco Webex Calling to the Room USB.
The device is shipped with preinstalled software and updates are installed automatically. If there’s a software update available when you first register a new device, we recommend that you upgrade it. To find out more about software updates, see Automatic software updates .
1
Install and plug in the needed cables according to the installation guide instructions. When the device is plugged in, it automatically starts up and checks the network connection. If the network connection works, the device checks for updates of RoomOS and installs any new versions it finds. If there is an issue with the connection, you see an error message that suggests a possible cause.
2
After the software update, the setup wizard starts. Follow the on-screen instructions to set up your network preferences, enter the activation code, and check the screen, camera, and sound.
You can change the language settings before starting the setup wizard, or afterward from the Settings menu.
The time format follows your network's time zone setting and can't be configured separately.
Use Wi-Fi on Room USB
On Room USB, you can choose to use either a wired or a Wi-Fi connection.
You can change between wired and Wi-Fi connection from the Device settings menu. You need the remote control to access the menu.
You have to disconnect the Ethernet cable in order to use the Wi-Fi.
We support the following authentication types:
Open
WPA-PSK (AES)
WPA2-PSK (AES)
WPA-EAP-PEAP
EAP-TLS
EAP-TTLS
EAP-FAST
PEAP
EAP-MSCHAPv2
EAP-GTC
The device only remembers one network at a time. If you change between different networks, you have to type in the passphrase again.
1
Press the return button on the remote control, and navigate to Device settings. Go to Network Connection, and select Wi-Fi.
2
Select the Wi-Fi you want to connect to.
3
If the network requires authentication, type in the passphrase, and select Connect.
Advanced Settings and Administration
Follow these links to learn more about accessing the advanced configurations of the Room USB on Control Hub, setting up features such as digital signage and branding, network settings, and room setup.
Advanced Settings on Control Hub
Access device configurations
Access usage metrics
Available Features
Set up digital signage
Add customized branding
Network Settings
Configure proxy settings
Enable Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP)
Room Setup and Installation Guides
Room Setup and Installation of Cisco Room and Desk Devices
Upgrade the Room USB to a Room Kit Mini
You can easily upgrade your Room USB to a Room Kit Mini by purchasing an upgrade kit. The upgrade kit contains a license upgrade key and a Cisco Touch controller. When you receive your Touch controller, simply enter the license key, and your Room USB will become a Room Kit Mini.
Upgrading gives you the following:
Open access to APIs and macros
The ability to start meetings directly from the Touch controller instead of your computer
Cisco Proximity, enabling wireless sharing through the Webex app