August 10, 2023 |
8598 view(s) |
11 people thought this was helpful
Dedicated Instance Edge Connect
In this article
Webex Edge Connect is a dedicated, managed, Quality-of-Service (QoS) supported IP link from customer’s premises to the Webex cloud via the Equinix Cloud Exchange Fabric.
Introduction
Webex Calling now includes a dedicated cloud instance option, based on the Cisco Unified Communications Manager architecture. Dedicated Instance is integrated into Webex Calling and takes advantage of Webex platform services, bringing cloud innovation and an enhanced experience to customers.
The Dedicated Instance add-on for Webex Calling includes:
Cisco Unified Communications Manager (CUCM)
Cisco Unified IM and Presence (IM&P)
Cisco Unified Unity Connection (CUCxn)
Cisco Expressway (EXP)
Cisco Emergency Responder (Only AMER)
The Dedicated Instance service is primarily delivered over a private connection to the customer premises. This document details the two options for customers to peer with Webex to extend their organization to Dedicated Instance (DI).
Partner Connect
Customer Connect using Webex Edge Connect

Before you submit the peering request for Edge Connect, make sure the Dedicated Instance service is activated in that respective region.
Partner Connect
The Partner Connect model lets customers leverage partner connectivity with Webex to extend their Webex Calling Dedicated Instance traffic from their premises to the cloud. For more information about this model, please refer to the Dedicated Instance – Partner Connect Guide.
Webex Edge Connect
Webex Edge Connect is a dedicated, managed, Quality-of-Service (QoS) supported IP link from customer’s premises to the Webex cloud via the Equinix Cloud Exchange Fabric. This dedicated connection allows customers to register their endpoints and integrate on-premises applications with DI while guaranteeing a consistent network performance and providing added security.
Equinix Cloud Exchange (ECX) is an interconnection solution that enables on-demand and direct access to Cloud providers like Webex. The ECX solution has a few common components. The follow list provides a few of these components and their roles. The Equinix Cloud Exchange (ECX) Portal is a customer-facing portal that lets the customer order and configure ports and connections to cloud service providers.
The following list shows some of the Equinix components:
Equinix Fabric – Equinix Fabric is a switching platform that provides private connectivity to a wide selection of providers that are participants on the Fabric. Virtual circuits are provisioned on the Fabric using software-defined networking to establish connectivity to providers that are connected to the Fabric. Virtual connections can be created using the Fabric Portal or APIs.
Equinix Network Edge – Network Edge is an ETSI-compliant NFV platform that hosts virtual network functions (VNFs) (routers, firewalls, and SD-WAN) from various vendors such as Cisco, Juniper, Palo Alto, Fortinet, Versa, Silver Peak, and Check Point. VNFs can be deployed in real-time and, once deployed, you can start building virtual connections to providers on the Fabric.
Remote virtual circuit – Remote virtual circuits are used to build Layer2 circuits across the Fabric. The Layer 2 underlay is stitched together using a combination of VNIs and VLANs so you can form Layer 2 adjacencies to establish Layer 3 connectivity. Virtual circuit bandwidth can be dynamically adjusted as your application needs change.
Local virtual circuit – Local virtual circuits function the same as remote virtual circuits and are deployed within the same metro when building interconnections to Fabric participants.
Network rack/colocation – Network equipment and the primary database are hosted in an Equinix data center in Metro A and the network equipment are connected to the Equinix Fabric. The network equipment in the network rack is established Layer 3 connectivity over the remote virtual circuit to the Network Edge virtual device in Metro B.
Customer Connectivity Options
The following items are some of the options customers can leverage to extend their network to Equinix. This activity is the customer’s responsibility.
Standard Equinix Fabric Port - In this scenario, customers procure a rack in Equinix and host equipment to terminate and secure their network access. They cross connect their equipment to the Equinix Cloud Exchange (ECX) and connect to Webex Edge Connect.
Equinix Fabric Remote Port – In this scenario, a customer contracts with a NSP (Network Service Provider) who already has a presence in Equinix. The customer extends their network, with the capabilities of the NSP, to a port in NSP’s cage and leverages ECX to extend the traffic to Webex Edge Connect.
Network Edge with Equinix Fabric – Equinix provides the Network Edge Option, where customers can terminate their network links in the Equinix DC, these links could be Internet, MPLS, MetroE, 5G/LTE or Fiber. Once connected to Equinix their links can then be extended to a virtual device running on Equinix’s Network Function Virtualization stack (NFV). The virtual device could be a traditional Router or one capable of running SD-WAN and can be provided by any vendor currently supported by Equinix and supporting BGP. This virtual device will connect to ECX and extend the traffic to Webex Edge Connect.
Important Note: As stated above, this activity is customer’s responsibility. Please contact Equinix to discuss the details and the available options.
Webex Edge Connect process
The following high-level steps describe how to establish connectivity with Webex Edge Connect for Dedicated Instance.
1
Place an order in Cisco CCW
2
Place an order in the Equinix Fabric portal
3
Establish connectivity
Step 1: CCW order
To order Webex Edge Connect using the CCW:
1
Navigate to the CCW Ordering site, and then click Login to sign on to the site:
https://apps.cisco.com/Commerce/guest
2
Create Estimate.
3
Add “A-FLEX-3” SKU.
4
Select Edit Options.
5
In the Subscription tab that appears, select Options and Add-ons.
6
Under Additional Add-ons, select the check box beside Edge Connect.
7
Under Select location, select the location(s) you’d like to set up, Americas/EMEAR and/or APJ.
8
After selecting your connection location(s), select the link bandwidth.
It is mandatory to check the box against “Redundancy” as Dedicated Instance mandates two connections per region.
Architecture View when selecting 1 link with the redundancy option:
Architecture View when selecting 2 links with the redundancy option:
9
When you are satisfied with your selections, click Verify and Save in the upper right portion of the page.
The details of your order appear. Click Back to Configuration if you'd like to make additional changes to your order.
The View and Save buttons now read, Save and Continue.
10
Click Save and Continue to finalize your order. Your finalized order now appears in the order grid.
Step 2: Ordering a circuit with equinix fabric portal
Customer Requirements for Edge Connect Request
The customer must meet the following requirements before requesting Edge Connect:
Must have a circuit to Equinix Cloud Exchange (ECX)
Must have the proper equipment (router / switches) in a cage in ECX or a virtual device running on Equinix’s NFV stack
Must have a port or virtual device available to make the connection request
Must have the Cisco purchase order number (PO#) for their Edge Connect purchase from Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW)
Making the Edge Connect Request
To make the Edge Connect request:
1
Navigate to the Equinix site, and then click Create Connection to sign in:
https://fabric.equinix.com/
The Connections page appears.
2
Click Select on the Cisco tile.
3
Scroll down and click Create Connection on the Cisco Webex Calling - Dedicated Instance tile.
4
The Select Locations page appears.
5
Select the type of connection you want to use in the Connect Using section.
The three possible connection types are:
Port: This option lets you connect using a physical port. If you click Port, the system displays only the metros that you’ve already deployed. The connections that appear depend on your user permissions and the ports you already have set up.
Service token: A service token is a unique Equinix Fabric key that grants you authorization to an interconnection asset. This is not an option available today for Cisco.
Virtual device: This option lets you connect using a virtual connection that you set up. To set up a virtual device, select Network Edge > Create Virtual Device from the top menu bar, and perform the set-up process. The connections that appear when you select Virtual Device depend on your user permissions and the virtual devices you already have set up.
Note: For this example, we’ll follow the procedure for the Port option.
Select the region.
Region options include AMER, EMEA, and APAC. When you select a region, the system displays locations within that region.
In this example AMER is selected for Dedicated Instance AMER region. Similarly, following are the region selection in Equinix portal for respective Dedicated Instance regions:
Region selected in Dedicated Instance
Region to be selected in Equinix Portal
EMEA
EMEA
APJC
APAC
AUS
APAC
EU
EMEA
Select the origin location under Select Location.
The origin location is where the customer equipment resides and where the Equinix port that will be used is located. In this example, Silicon Valley is selected as the origin location.
The ports for the location you selected appear under Ports in <name of location>.
Select the port.
Under Destination, select the region, and then select the destination.
The suggested destination appears under Suggested, and all other possible destinations appear under Remote. In this example, Silicon Valley is selected as the destination location.
The destination location is the Webex DC location that will terminate this connection. There is no port to select on the destination side. Webex will associate the port accordingly. If there are multiple connections to the same site for the same customer Cisco will configure those connections over two separate routers (premises equipment) to ensure port and hardware redundancy.
Click Next, located at the bottom right portion of the page.
The Connection Details page appears.
6
Add your connection details to the Connection Details page.
The following list describes the information you need to provide on the Connection Details page.
Connection: This is the name of the connection that both buyer (customer) and seller (Webex) will see in the Equinix portal. It is helpful that this name be indicative of the customer it is serving and the purpose of the link. For example, if the customer was name Enterprise1 and this connection was their primary in “Silicon Valley” location a helpful naming convention would be Enterprise1_SV_PRI and their secondary connection in the same location could be Enterprise1_SV_SEC.
VLAN ID: (This option is not available when connecting with a virtual device.) The customer side is locally significant between customer and Equinix. We recommend that customers provision their Equinix Cloud Exchange Ethernet port using standard 802.1q (Dot1q) framing with a standard EtherType of 0x8100 for simplicity. These are normal values associated with a trunk and do not include complex Metro ethernet settings that carriers typically use (qinq).
Purchase order number: This field captures the Cisco purchase order number from Cisco CCW. This is used by Cisco to verify the Edge Connect order.
*Important Note: This field “Purchase order number” shows as “(optional)” in the form but is a mandatory field for Cisco to validate the order.
Webex router IP address: The IP address that will be assigned to the Webex router interface.
Your router IP address: The IP address that will be assigned to your router interface.
Subnet mask for point-to-point link: The subnet mask or CIDR prefix for the point-to-point link.
Your advertised prefixes: The addresses to be advertised to Webex. Only 0.0.0.0 default route will be accepted.
Your BGP ASN: This is the BGP autonomous system number. If you already own a BGP that you want to you use, put that number here. If not, Webex also supports private numbers as well.
BGP password: This is an optional item. Type a password if you want to configure password authentication for BGP connectivity on the router.
Technical contact email address: The buyer email address to support notifications.
Technical contract phone number: The buyer phone number to support notifications.
Partner Name: Name of the partner.
Customer Name: Name of the customer.
7
Scroll down, and then click the desired connection speed in the Connection Speed section.
The speeds shown are the speeds that Cisco has already set for your service profile.
8
Review the summary.
9
Click Design Summary to download a summary of your order. (This is the same design summary that's provided through the floating Pricing Overview option from the previous page.)
10
Review your order, and then click Submit Order.

  If the customer wants to extend Webex meetings or Webex Calling multi-tenant traffic, they will have to add an additional virtual circuit over ECX. Refer to the Cisco Preferred Architecture for Webex Edge Connect for Webex Meetings and Calling document for more information.
Step 3: Connectivity established
1
Establishing connectivity with Webex Edge Connect takes 10 business days to complete from the time the order is placed.
2
The customer will receive an email when Cisco accepts the ECX connection.
3
The customer can verify the circuit connection while logging into the ECX portal.