June 16, 2023 |
75332 view(s) |
1472 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | View upcoming meetings
In Webex App, you can view details about your upcoming meetings in your meetings list. When it's time for a meeting to start, you can join it from the meetings list, too.
Desktop
Mobile
Web
Limitations
If your administrator has set up your account with the Hybrid Calendar Service with Office 365 integration, your meetings list shows upcoming scheduled meeting, Personal Room meetings, meeting associated with a space, calls you've scheduled with another person, and other scheduled meetings.
If you don't have Hybrid Calendar Service with Office 365 integration, then you see scheduled meeting and Personal Room meetings scheduled from Microsoft Outlook (using Webex Productivity Tools or the Add-in), Google Calendar (using the Add-on), or the Webex scheduler.
1
Go to Meetings and find the meeting in the meetings list. You first see the meetings list in Day view, which shows your meetings in real time for a single day.
Click List to see a consolidated list of your upcoming meetings for the next few days.
Click Work week to see your upcoming meetings for the next work week.
Click Week to see your upcoming meetings for the next week.
From any view, click the date to the left of Today to select a specific date from the calendar. You can view meetings for any date from 1 week in the past to 4 weeks in the future.
To go back to today again, select Today.
2
Select a meeting to view the meeting information, such as the date, time, recurrence, location, organizer or host, meeting link, and who's accepted, declined, or hasn't responded to the meeting invite.

  If you're using Hybrid Calendar , you can accept, accept tentatively, or decline an invitation to a meeting that you're invited to from the Meeting Details.
For a meeting associated with a space, you can join the meeting directly from the Meeting Details. If you want to let everyone know that you're running late or want to add an agenda item, just click Message or the space name (in blue).
For meetings scheduled using your Webex site, the participant list only shows your name if you're the host and created the meeting, or the list will show the host and you, if you're invited by the host to the meeting.