May 18, 2023 |
940 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Allow host account self-sign up for a Webex Meetings site
You can allow users to sign up for a commercial Webex Meetings site by themselves if they don’t have an account yet. This helps automate the process of onboarding users.
Overview
When you've completed the steps in Allow host account self-sign up below, a Sign up button appears on the Webex Meetings site home page. Users can click that button to fill out a form and sign up for a host account.
After a user signs up for a host account, the request shows in the Alerts center in Control Hub. Administrators can approve or reject the request. Once approved or rejected, the user receives an email letting them know the status of their request.

  Webex for Government doesn't support self-sign up. This feature is only available for commercial Webex Meetings sites.
Allow host account self-sign up
When you allow a site to have self-sign up for host accounts, you can add email domains to automatically approve or reject requests from users who sign up with those domains. Alternately, you can choose to manually review requests.
Administrators receive an email whenever a user signs up for a host account. These requests can also be found in Alerts center. You can approve or reject requests.

  If a user doesn't already exist in a Control Hub organization when approved by the admin, then a new user will be created in the organization. If a new user is created in the organization through this self-sign up process, they won't be assigned a license from the automatic license assignment template. The template doesn't apply to users who are created with a specific license request.
1
Sign in to Control Hub.
2
Go to Meeting, select a site, then click Settings.
3
Under Common Settings, select Account Management.
4
Check Allow host account signup.
5
Enter the email domains that you want to approve or reject.
6
If you want to have all requests automatically approved or rejected, select Automatically approve or reject host account requests.
- or -
To manually approve or reject requests, select Review host account requests. Send review notification email to, and select an option:
All site administrators—Every site administrator for the Webex site will receive emails for host account requests.
Selected site administrators—Site administrators that you've entered will receive emails for host account requests.
7
Under Require for account signup, check each type of information that users must provide in the account signup form.
What to do next
Once the user submits the form, you can approve or reject their request in Alerts center.
Approve or reject self-signup requests
After a user signs up for a host account in your organization, you can approve or reject their request in Alerts center in Control Hub.
1
Sign in to Control Hub, then select Alerts center.
2
Select Requests.
3
Click a request, then select Approve or Reject.
Once approved or rejected, the user receives an email letting them know the status of their request.