September 08, 2022 |
5565 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Auto-Provisioning of Webex App for Calling in Webex (Unified CM)
In this article
Overview of Auto-Provisioning of Webex App
The auto-provisioning feature in Control Hub allows the users to self-provision the devices for Calling in Webex (Unified CM) with zero or minimal intervention. This feature avoids over-provisioning of multiple devices in Unified CM that helps to minimize the impact on cluster scaling and licensing usage. Devices are auto created in Unified CM, when a user provisioned for Calling in Webex (Unified CM) signs in with their registered email address or User ID to Webex App.
Administrators don't need to go to Unified CM to pre-provision any of the Webex App devices for users in their organization. When the user signs in to the Webex App with any device for the first time, and if the device isn’t already available in the Unified CM server, the new device type is auto created for the user.
This feature allows auto-provisioning of following devices types in Unified CM for the users when they sign into Webex App from various device platforms:
Android Device (BOT)
Chromebook/iPad Devices (TAB)
Windows/MAC Devices (CSF)
iPhone Device (TCT)

After the deletion of a device, it is recommended that you wait for 5-10 minutes before you auto-provision a device of the same type. Also, you can reset the device from Webex App before you auto-provision it again (Go to Help > Health Checker and click the Reset button.)
Prerequisite
Before you plan to allow auto-provision of Webex App for the users, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Activate Cloud-Connected UC and set up the on-premises devices in your organization to communicate with the Control Hub. For more information, see Set Up Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
For the user account in Control Hub, add either a Basic or Professional Webex Calling license.
Cisco Unified Communications Manager clusters should be version 11.5 or above. See the supported Unified CM version for Calling in Webex (Unified CM) at Deployment Guide for Calling in Webex (Unified CM).
The minimum supported Webex App version is 41.12 and higher.
The minimum supported Cisco Expressway Release version is X14.0.2. If the Expressway version is below the recommended version, Expressway should add the following URLs manually to the Allow List to allow external clients (Cisco Jabber or Webex App) to access the Unified Communications nodes discovered having MRA configuration:
POST: https://{{cucmip}}:8443/devicemanagement/v1/clientAutoProv/createDevice
GET: https://{{cucmip}}:8443/ucmservices/v1/supportedServices
Ensure that the User ID or email ID of Unified CM users matches with the User ID of the user records entity in Webex Identity Service. Also, the users configured in the Unified CM server should be available in the organizations’ Webex Identity Service.
Activate Auto-provisioning Service

Enable or Disable Auto-provisioning for Webex App


Delete Inactive Auto-provisioned Devices for Webex App



Set Expiration Timer for OAuth Refresh Token
Device Type and Template Settings