January 20, 2023 |
228 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot your Cisco Headset 320 Series
Try these steps if you're having trouble with your 320 Series.
First steps
Try these solutions first if you experience issues with your Cisco Headset 320 Series.
Unplug your headset and reconnect it to your intended device.
Make sure that your headset firmware is up to date.

  Your headset won't work if the upgrade process is interrupted for any reason. If your upgrade does inadvertently stop, simply restart and finish the upgrade.
Make sure that your headset isn't muted.
Check your device settings to make sure that your headset is the selected audio device.
Test a different headset with your device to determine if the problem is with your headset or your device.
Make sure you have the latest headset firmware.
If none of the above solutions work, you can open a TAC case for more assistance. All Cisco Headset 320 Series headsets come with a two-year hardware warranty. To open a TAC case, go to https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/index.html and click Open New Case.

  Be sure to have your original sales order number on hand before you open a new case.
Upgrade your Cisco Headset 320 Series in Cisco Accessory Hub
You can upgrade your Cisco Headset 320 Series through Cisco Accessory Hub. This tool enables you to upgrade and check your headset firmware through your web browser. It automatically checks your headset model and current firmware version. It gives you the option to upgrade your headset when there is a newer firmware version available.
Before you begin
You need Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge, version 92 or later to access this feature.
1
Connect your headset to a USB port on your computer.
2
In Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge, go to https://upgrade.cisco.com/accessories.
3
Click Next and select your headset in the pop-up window.
4
Do one of the following:
Select the most recent firmware version from the cloud.
Select a different firmware version from your PC desktop.
5
Click Start Upgrade.

  After the upgrade, your headset reboots and you'll be prompted to select your headset again in the pop-up window.
Upgrade your headset on the Webex App
When you connect your headset, the Webex App checks the firmware version and notifies you if there is a new firmware version to install. After the upgrade, the app notifies you that the upgrade is complete. the app won't begin the upgrade process if your headset is already upgrading through another Cisco client.

  Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM) administrators can restrict headset upgrades to Unified CM sources. Check with your administrator if you aren't able to upgrade your headset through Webex App.
1
Open the Webex App.
2
Connect your headset to your computer.
If new firmware is available, an upgrade prompt appears on your screen.
3
Click Update. The window shows your upgrade progress.
Clean your headset
To clean your headset, use only a dry soft cloth to gently wipe the ear pads, microphone, and headset base. Do not apply liquids or powders directly to the headset. As with all non-weatherproof electronics, liquids and powders can damage the components, cause failures, and will void the headset warranty.