May 09, 2023 |
10645 view(s) |
37 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Share content in a phone call
When you're on a phone call with someone in your company who's also using Webex App, you can share content and everyone can see what's being talked about. Webex App suppresses notifications for incoming messages or calls when you're sharing content.

  If you’re on a phone call with someone who is connected to a Room OS device, they will not receive the screen share.
If you prefer, you can share only a portion of your screen.
Desktop
iPhone and iPad
Android
Desk Phone
1
To start sharing your screen, click Share.
2
Select how you want to Optimize your shared content from the drop-down menu:
Automatically Optimize—Chooses the best optimization for your content type.
Optimize for text and images—Displays text and images in your shared content at the highest resolution and clarity possible.
Optimize for motion and video—The video plays back more smoothly with a higher frame rate, but at a lower resolution. This increases fluidity by reducing lag when sharing your screen.
3
Select Share computer audio to allow others to hear your computer audio in addition to your microphone audio.
Mac only— Webex App needs an extension to share your computer audio. If you don't have this extension, then it automatically downloads when you click Share computer audio. You must have administrator permissions on your computer to install the extension.
4
Select the screen or application to share.
For applications, share all or an individual application window.
Hold Shift to select multiple applications but only one application is shared at a time.
Mac only—You can share the screen from your iPhone or iPad to your Mac. Select iPhone or iPad Screen and then follow the instructions to connect a USB cable and trust this computer.
If you don't see the app that you want to share, scroll to see all your open apps or drag the resize handle on any of the four corners or sides to make the window larger or smaller.
5
Preview what you're sharing at the top of the screen. Make sure that what's showing is all you want to share.

  To show the preview after it disappears, go to the tab in the control bar at the top of the screen and click the down arrow.
6
While you're sharing, you can select the following:

  To expand or collapse the control bar at the top of the screen, click the arrows. If the share control bar is covering the shared content, you can drag the bar to any other edge of the screen.
Share something else or the You're sharing link to seamlessly switch to another screen or application.
Annotate to mark-up a shared screen during a call.
Pause to pause sharing your screen or application.
Resume to resume sharing your screen or application.
Give remote control to allow someone to control your screen. Just make sure you're sharing your whole screen and not just an application.
Stop to stop sharing.
7
Use the floating panel to conveniently access the following options:

  If the thumbnail videos are covering the shared content, drag the floating panel to another location on your screen.
Mute or Unmute to mute or unmute yourself.
Stop video or Start video to turn off or turn on your video.
Record to record and save your calls for later use.
Focus view to show the active speaker's video only.
Grid view to show the videos of the meeting participants.
Hide video view to hide all thumbnail videos. The name of the active speaker shows in the floating panel.