August 08, 2023 |
6549 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Move a Cloud-Registered Node in to Maintenance Mode
You may need to take down parts of your on-premises environment for scheduled maintenance. To safely perform maintenance activities, you can use Control Hub to navigate to a specific hybrid service Expressway or Video Mesh resource and set nodes to maintenance mode while you perform the maintenance activity.
You can use Control Hub to set hybrid service Expressway or Video Mesh nodes to maintenance mode. Maintenance mode lets you take down parts of your on-premises environment to safely perform scheduled maintenance.
Expressway—This feature prevents alarm email notifications during maintenance. During maintenance mode, the system reassigns users to other nodes that host Expressway-based hybrid services.
Video Mesh—Maintenance mode sends your Video Mesh node into a graceful shutdown of calling services. It stops accepting incoming calls and waits up to 2 hours for existing calls to complete. The graceful shutdown of calling services allows you to reboot or shut down the node without causing dropped calls.

  Upgrades do not happen when a node is placed in maintenance mode.
Before you begin

  Maintenance mode prepares a node for shutdown or reboot. You can then make network setting changes (DNS, IP, FQDN) or prepare for hardware maintenance safely.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, scroll to Hybrid Services, and then click View from the On-Premises Resources card.
All your registered on-premises resources appear as cards with information and settings that you can manage. You can also click Add Resource to add a new one.
2
(Optional) Filter the resources that display on this page (for example, click Expressway or Video Mesh, or search for a specific resource name.
3
From the card for the resource that you want to put in maintenance mode, click Settings, and then click Nodes.
4
For the node you want to do maintenance on, go to Actions, and then choose Enable maintenance mode.
5
After you've read and understood the prompt, click Enable.
The node goes in to pending maintenance state. For a multinode high availability deployment, this state enables you to temporarily shut down a node with little or no service interruption.
Webex Video Mesh nodes enter maintenance mode after the active calls on the node finish. The nodes can remain in the pending maintenance state for up to 2 hours while they wait for calls to complete. While maintenance mode is pending, the node does not accept any incoming calls.
Expressway nodes enter maintenance mode within 30 seconds. Users can briefly lose that service until they migrate to another node. Once the node is ready, the host indicates to the cloud that it's in maintenance mode (Shut Down for Maintenance in the node status). The management connector then suppresses alarm notifications and the system reassigns users before temporarily shutting down the node.
A node in maintenance mode doesn't upgrade or implement any settings changes from the cloud.
6
After you check the node status page and confirm that the node moved to the Shut Down for Maintenance state, you can perform maintenance activity on the node.
What to do next
It can take several hours for a node to shut down after you place it into maintenance mode.

  For Video Mesh, if you put a node into maintenance mode for more than 50 days, its credentials can expire. The node then can't authenticate to the cloud. If this condition occurs, the node can't return to its normal state and continues to appear as "offline" in Control Hub. To solve this condition, reset the node to factory defaults and register it again in Control Hub.
Click Disable maintenance mode in the actions menu when you're finished with maintenance activities on the node.