September 30, 2022 |
7579 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Configure and manage single number reach (office anywhere) in the calling user portal
With single number reach, you can make, receive, and move calls to or from any device such as desk phone and mobile phone (Remote Destination) without interruption. Once you've added the devices phone numbers in the Calling User portal, all the listed devices ring when you receive a call. Also, if you make outgoing calls from any of your devices, your Webex Calling primary number is used as the caller ID for identity.
Before you begin
Single number reach (office anywhere) must be set up for your location by your administrator.
1
Go to https://settings.webex.com and select Webex Calling.
2
From the calling user portal, go to Call Settings.
3
Toggle on Single number reach (office anywhere).
4
Mark the check box if you want to enable contact calling from the directory tab.
5
Click Add Personal Number to add a phone number to be used as your single number reach (office anywhere) number.
6
Enter the Name and Phone Number.
Once you add a phone number, the number gets activated. To deactivate, uncheck the box next to the phone number.
7
Click Incoming Call Options to enable any of the following settings for this phone number:
Do Not Forward Calls—Your calls aren't forwarded, even if you have call forwarding enabled.
Answer Confirmation—When someone calls you, they're prompted to press a key before being connected. Use this option if you want your callers to know that their call is automatically going to your single number reach (office anywhere) number.
Call Control—You can use your system's feature access codes on your single number reach (office anywhere) devices.
Enable Feature Codes—You can access the system call control features such as call hold and call forward via Feature Access Codes using the device specified.

  You can add another personal number by clicking Add Another Personal Number and then following the previous steps.
8
Click Save.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to set up and configure the single number reach feature in the calling user portal.