February 06, 2023 |
673 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Domain management in Webex for Government
You can take control of your organization's email domains to prevent users from creating Webex accounts in the commerical Webex environment. Webex identifies users by their email addresses. Your administrator can claim email domains, such as example.gov, for your Webex organization. When you claim a domain, you'll onboard all users with those email addresses to your Webex organization.

  We’re rolling out the domain management feature in phases. If you’re interested in this capability for your organization, contact your Cisco support team to have it enabled.

  This article applies only to customers who are using Webex for Government. If you’re managing any other Webex organization, see Manage your domains.
You can choose whether to claim specific email domains for your Webex organization. This flexibility is important when you share a domain with other groups who have separate Webex organizations. When users in a claimed domain join Webex, they always onboard to the claiming organization. If no organization claims a given domain, each organization can onboard its own users in that domain.
When you don't want to claim a shared domain, you can instead reserve the domain for use only by Webex for Government organizations. When you reserve a domain, those email addresses can only onboard to a Webex for Government organization. Users can't create an account with those addresses in a commercial Webex organization, including the self-signup organization.

  If you don't claim or reserve your domain, all user emails with that email domain are shared with the Webex commercial environment in encrypted form. To prevent email addresses from leaving the FedRAMP-authorized Webex for Government boundary, have your administrators claim or reserve your domains.
Manage your domains
Sharing with commercial Webex
Domain states
The tasks in this section are in the natural sequence of a typical domain ownership lifecycle. Perform those that meet your needs.
See Domain states in this article to understand how these tasks change domain states, and how the actions affect your compliance.
Add and verify a domain
Reserve a domain
Claim a domain

Release a reserved domain

Remove a domain