January 20, 2023 |
23167 view(s) |
40 people thought this was helpful
Configure a list of allowed domains to access Webex while on your corporate network
You can ensure that people only sign in to Webex App using accounts from a predefined list of domains. Use a proxy server to intercept requests and limit the domains that are allowed.
You can use the following steps as guidelines to configure your web proxy server.
Before you begin
You must install a proxy server that can perform Transport Layer Security (TLS) interception, HTTP header insertion, and filter destinations using fully qualified domain names (FQDNs) or URLs.
The following are tested Web proxy servers and the detailed steps are provided below to configure these proxy servers:
Cisco Web Security Appliance (WSA)
Blue Coat
To ensure you have the ability to do HTTP header insertions in an HTTPS connection, TLS interception must be configured on your proxy. See the information about proxies, in Network requirements for Webex services, and ensure you meet the requirements specific to your proxy server.
1
Route all outbound traffic to Webex through your web proxy servers.
2
Enable TLS interception on the proxy server.
3
For each Webex request:
Intercept the request.
Add the HTTP header CiscoSpark-Allowed-Domains: and include a comma separated list of allowed domains. You must include the destination domains: identity.webex.com, identity-eu.webex.com, idbroker.webex.com, idbroker-secondary.webex.com, idbroker-b-us.webex.com, idbroker-eu.webex.com, atlas-a.wbx2.com, idbroker-ca.webex.com, identity-ca.webex.com and your proxy server includes the custom header for requests sent to these destination domains.
For example, to allow users from the example.com domain, add:
CiscoSpark-Allowed-Domains:example.com
for domain(s):identity.webex.com, identity-eu.webex.com, idbroker.webex.com, idbroker-secondary.webex.com, idbroker-b-us.webex.com, idbroker-eu.webex.com, atlas-a.wbx2.com, idbroker-ca.webex.com, identity-ca.webex.com.
If you have users in multiple email domains, you must include all the domains in the comma separated list of allowed domains. For example, to allow users from the example.com, the example1.com and example2.com domains, add:
CiscoSpark-Allowed-Domains:example.com,example1.com,example2.com
for domain(s):identity.webex.com, identity-eu.webex.com, idbroker.webex.com, idbroker-secondary.webex.com, idbroker-b-us.webex.com, idbroker-eu.webex.com, atlas-a.wbx2.com, idbroker-ca.webex.com, identity-ca.webex.com.
People who attempt to sign in to Webex App from an unauthorized account receive an error.
Add custom headers with Cisco Web Security Appliances to allow domains
Add policy to allow domains with Blue Coat