July 16, 2021 |
13137 view(s) |
15 people thought this was helpful
Migrate Jabber Users with Cloud-Connected UC to Webex app
In this article
Migrate Jabber Users with Cloud-Connected UC to Webex app
This article helps you to migrate Jabber users (with UCM calling) or Jabber messenger users, with Cloud-Connected UC to Webex app. The migration wizard on Control Hub allows you to migrate Jabber users to Webex app. After you migrate, the Webex app provides the users with an easy-to-use experience that allows them to make calls, send messages, share files, schedule meetings, display availability status, and so on.
Prerequisite
Before you plan to migrate users to Webex app, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Access to Control Hub with full administrator privileges—The Webex app is primarily managed from Control Hub, which is the management interface for the Webex platform. For more information, see Assign Organization Account Roles in Control Hub.
Onboard your organization to Cloud-Connected UC—Onboard your organization to Cloud-Connected UC to gather the required information about the users and clusters that you plan to migrate. For more information, see Set Up Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
Enable Deployment Insights services—Enable Deployment Insights service on all the Unified CM and Instant Messaging and Presence clusters. This enables sending the configuration details to cloud, required for migration. For more information, see Enable Cloud-Connected UC Services.
Install or upgrade to Cisco Unified Communications Manager version 11.5 or later.
If Hybrid Calling is deployed in your organization, you must remove it for your users before you start the migration. For more information, see Remove Hybrid Calling Configuration From Users.
Synchronize all your organization's directory users to Common Identity (CI).

After migration, users on Webex app (with Common Identity) won't be able to contact users still on Jabber (without Common Identity).
The following table lists the Unified CM user status across the organization.
Table 1. Unified CM User Status
Users
Description
Migrated users
The total number of users in Common Identity who are migrated to Webex app.
Users in Unified CM
The total number of users in Unified CM directory.
Unified CM users in Common Identity
The total number of users who are synchronized from Unified CM directory to Common Identity.
Unified CM users not in Common Identity
The total number of users who are not synchronized from Unified CM directory to Common Identity. You can't migrate these users to Webex app. Click the Download list, to download the CSV report.
Limitations and Restrictions
Consider the following limitation before you start your migration:
Migration Task: You can migrate in batches all the Unified CM users in Common Identity (CI). You can create multiple tasks, but can perform only one migration task at a time. Make sure that there are no migration tasks running in the background when you start a new one, otherwise you might encounter errors during the migration.
Task Flow
The migration wizard in Control Hub helps you to perform the following tasks to complete the migration.
1
From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services > Updates.
2
On the Migrate Jabber to Webex app card, click Get started.
The Migrate Jabber to Webex app page appears.
Enter Task Name

Select Cluster

Choose Settings

Select User
Review Migration

Start Migration

Migration Status
Troubleshooting Migration Issues
This section provides the necessary information and solutions to resolve some of the common issues that you might face before you plan to migrate or during the migration to Webex app.
Missed Notifications
The database change notifications are not automatically sent to Cloud-Connected UC when you add, update, or delete information from Unified CM during one of the following scenarios:
Inventory synchronization
COP file installation or upgrade
Bulk operations in Unified CM
The information that you’ve added or updated might take approximately 4 to 5 hours to be effective in Cloud-Connected UC. However, for delete operations, you might have to manually delete the information from Cloud-Connected UC.
Service Enablement
After you enable Deployment Insights, the updated data might take approximately 8 to 9 hours to reflect in the Migration tasks.
Bulk Updates on Control Hub or On-Premises
After you perform the bulk updates on Control Hub or on the on-premises nodes, the updated data might take approximately 8 to 9 hours to reflect in the Migration tasks.
User List Page Timeout Error
After you select a cluster and navigate to the User list page, the page might fail to load, if the number of Available users in the cluster is more than 30K. Close the task and reopen it to resolve the issue.