June 22, 2023 |
233 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Video Phone 8875 product safety and compliance
It's important to know the safety and security rules for your phone before an emergency occurs. That way, you'll know what to do if you have a power outage, your network gets congested, or a power source issue occurs. You'll also learn about product security.
Safety and performance information
Power outage
Your access to emergency service through the phone requires that the phone receive power. If a power interruption occurs, service or emergency calling service dialing does not function until power is restored. If a power failure or disruption occurs, you may need to reset or reconfigure the equipment before you can use service or emergency calling service dialing.
Regulatory domains
The radio frequency (RF) for this phone is configured for a specific regulatory domain. If you use this phone outside of the specific regulatory domain, the phone will not function properly, and you might violate local regulations.
External devices
We recommend that you use good-quality external devices that are shielded against unwanted radio frequency (RF) and audio frequency (AF) signals. External devices include headsets, cables, and connectors.
Depending on the quality of these devices and their proximity to other devices, such as mobile phones or two-way radios, some audio noise may still occur. In these cases, we recommend that you take one or more of these actions:
Move the external device away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Route the external device cables away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Use shielded cables for the external device, or use cables with a better shield and connector.
Shorten the length of the external device cable.
Apply ferrites or other such devices on the cables for the external device.
Cisco cannot guarantee the performance of external devices, cables, and connectors.

  In European Union countries, use only external speakers, microphones, and headsets that are fully compliant with the EMC Directive [89/336/EC].
Bluetooth wireless headset performance
Cisco IP Phones support Bluetooth Class 2 technology when the headsets support Bluetooth. Bluetooth enables low-bandwidth wireless connections within a range of 30 feet (10 meters). The best performance is in the 3- to 6-foot (1- to 2-meter) range. You can connect up to five headsets, but only the last one connected is used as the default.
Because of potential interference issues, we recommend that you move 802.11b/g devices, Bluetooth devices, microwave ovens, and large metal objects away from the wireless headset.
The Bluetooth wireless headset does not need to be within direct line-of-sight of the phone. However, some barriers, such as walls or doors, and interference from other electronic devices, can affect the connection.
UL warning
The LAN/Ethernet cable or other cables attached to the device should not be extended outside of the building.
Energy Star
Cisco Video Phone 8875 has Energy Star certification.
Class 1 power
Class 1 products must be connected to a mains power outlet with protective earthing.
Product label
The product label is located on the bottom of the device.
Compliance statements
Compliance statements for the European Union
CE marking
The following CE mark is affixed to the equipment and packaging.
RF exposure statement for the European Union
This device has been evaluated and found compliant in accordance with EU EMF Directive 2014/53/EU.
Compliance statements for the US
Part 15 radio device

  The Part 15 radio device operates on a non-interference basis with other devices operating at this frequency. Any changes or modification to said product not expressly approved by Cisco, including the use of non-Cisco antennas, could void the user’s authority to operate this device.
Compliance statements for Canada
This device complies with Industry Canada license-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. Privacy of communications may not be ensured when using this phone.
This product meets the applicable Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada technical specifications.
Avis de Conformité Canadien
Cet appareil est conforme aux normes RSS exemptes de licence RSS d’Industry Canada. Le fonctionnement de cet appareil est soumis à deux conditions : (1) ce périphérique ne doit pas causer d'interférence et (2) ce périphérique doit supporter les interférences, y compris celles susceptibles d'entraîner un fonctionnement non souhaitable de l'appareil. La protection des communications ne peut pas être assurée lors de l'utilisation de ce téléphone.
Le présent produit est conforme aux spécifications techniques applicables d'Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada.
Canadian RF exposure statement
THIS DEVICE MEETS THE LIMITS AS REFERENCED BY ISED RSS-102 R5 FOR EXPOSURE TO RADIO WAVES
Your device includes a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the General populace (uncontrolled) limits for exposure to radio waves (radio frequency electromagnetic fields) as referenced in RSS-102 which references Health Canada Safety Code 6 and include a substantial safety margin designed to assure the safety of all persons, regardless of age and health.
As such the systems are designed to be operated as to avoid contact with the antennas by the end user. It is recommended to set the system in a location where the antennas can remain at least a minimum distance as specified from the user in accordance to the regulatory guidelines which are designed to reduce the overall exposure of the user or operator.
This equipment should be installed and operated with minimum distance 0.5 cm between the radiator & your body.
The device has been tested and found compliant with the applicable regulations as part of the radio certification process.
Déclaration d'Exposition aux RF Canadienne
CE PÉRIPHÉRIQUE RESPECTE LES LIMITES DÉCRITES PAR LA NORME RSS-102 R5 D'EXPOSITION À DES ONDES RADIO
Votre appareil comprend un émetteur et un récepteur radio. Il est conçu pour ne pas dépasser les limites applicables à la population générale (ne faisant pas l'objet de contrôles périodiques) d'exposition à des ondes radio (champs électromagnétiques de fréquences radio) comme indiqué dans la norme RSS-102 qui sert de référence au règlement de sécurité n°6 sur l'état de santé du Canada et inclut une marge de sécurité importantes conçue pour garantir la sécurité de toutes les personnes, quels que soient leur âge et état de santé.
En tant que tels, les systèmes sont conçus pour être utilisés en évitant le contact avec les antennes par l'utilisateur final. Il est recommandé de positionner le système à un endroit où les antennes peuvent demeurer à au moins une distance minimum préconisée de l'utilisateur, conformément aux instructions des réglementations qui sont conçues pour réduire l'exposition globale de l'utilisateur ou de l'opérateur.
Cet équipement doit être installé et utilisé avec une distance minimale de 0.5 cm entre le radiateur et votre corps.
Le périphérique a été testé et déclaré conforme aux réglementations applicables dans le cadre du processus de certification radio.
Canadian high-power radars statement
Users should also be advised that high-power radars are allocated as primary users (that is, priority users) of the bands 5250-5350 MHz and 5650-5850 MHz and that these radars could cause interference and/or damage to LE-LAN devices.
Devraient également être informés des utilisateurs que les radars à haute puissance sont désignés comme utilisateurs principaux (à savoir des utilisateurs prioritaires) des bandes 5250-5350 MHz et 5650 à 5.850 MHz et que ces radars pourraient provoquer des interférences et / ou endommager les périphériques LE-LAN.
FCC compliance statements
The Federal Communications Commission requires compliance statements for the following:
Cisco product security overview
This product contains cryptographic features and is subject to U.S. and local country laws that govern import, export, transfer, and use. Delivery of Cisco cryptographic products does not imply third-party authority to import, export, distribute, or use encryption. Importers, exporters, distributors, and users are responsible for compliance with U.S. and local country laws. By using this product, you agree to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If you are unable to comply with U.S. and local laws, return this product immediately.
Further information regarding U.S. export regulations can be found at https://www.bis.doc.gov/policiesandregulations/ear/index.htm.
Cisco circular economy
Cisco has adopted circular design principles in its products by pioneering the use of post-consumer recycled plastic. Cisco Video Phone 8875 now reduces the use of natural resources while closing the loop with its own electronic waste.
Visit Cisco's Circular Economy website to learn more about what this means:
Web site URL: https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/about/circular-economy.html
Web site QR code:
Important online information
End User License Agreement
The End User License Agreement (EULA) is located here: https://www.cisco.com/go/eula
Regulatory Compliance and Safety Information
Regulatory Compliance and Safety Information (RCSI) is located here:
https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/td/docs/voice_ip_comm/cuipph/8800-series/regulatory_compliance/rcsi-0217-book.pdf