June 29, 2023 |
17613 view(s) |
195 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Your user interface
Welcome to Webex App. The desktop, mobile, and web versions of the app share many of the same features. However, the experience does differ, the user interface is slightly different as it's optimized for the device you're using.
Take a look around to get used to the app's interface and how we talk about it.
Desktop
Mobile
iPad
Web
App Header
In the app header, click your profile to update your picture or name, set your pronouns, access settings, and set your availability.
Click Set a status to select a status from the list or create and share any status you want, so your colleagues know what you're up to.
To take a step back or jump forward between previously visited spaces or tabs, click Back or Forward.

  Click and hold to see a history of the spaces or tabs you've recently visited.
Click , and choose from:
Send a direct message —create a direct message space with another person.
Create a space — start a group conversation.
Schedule a meeting— schedule a meeting at a specified date and time.
Start a meeting—quickly start a meeting.
Click Search to review your conversation history to find people you're talking to, spaces you're in, messages you received, and files you need.
You can also connect automatically with Webex devices from the Connect to a Device menu. When connected, you can share your screen, start a call, or open a space (on Webex Board).
Navigation Menu
Switch easily among your Messaging, Teams, Contacts, Calling, and Meetings views. Messages appear by default, but your Teams, Calls, and Meetings are just a click away.
You can collapse the navigation menu to icons only, or expand it to see the icons and their labels. Hover and click the arrow to the right of the column for the different viewing experience.

  The app remembers your preferences. Every time you reopen the app the menu opens in the last view you selected.
You can also perform the most commonly used actions directly from the view you're in.
In the Messaging view, click at the top of the spaces list, and choose from:
Send a direct message —create a direct message space.
Create a space — start a group conversation.
Create a section— organize spaces into sections.
In your Contacts view, click at the top of the contacts list, and choose from:
Add a contact — direct message space with another person.
Create a group— start a group conversation.
Your organization administrator can also add custom shortcuts to the navigation menu. Hover over the icons to access the custom shortcuts.
You'll see Help at the bottom of the navigation menu. When you click , you can choose from:
Check for updates —you can check for updates to the app.
Keyboard shortcuts —opens the keyboard shortcuts menu.
Help Center —brings you to the Webex App page on our Help site, but your administrator might customize that link to direct you to another site instead.
What's new —opens the What's new list.
Filters, Tabs, and Spaces list
To see the available filters click , then select a filter to show the messages or spaces you want to see.
You can also organize your spaces list with tabs. You can then switch between direct messages and spaces and pick out your important conversations, choose from:
All—all spaces.
Direct—spaces with one other person.
Spaces—group spaces.
When you select a tab, the spaces list displays content which matches your selection. For example, if you select Direct, you'll see a list of your direct message spaces.
Your most recently active spaces show at the top of the spaces list. If anyone has added you to a new team or space, you'll see it here too. When someone posts a new message in the space, you'll see the bolded space name.

  You'll sometimes see icons letting you know what's happening in your spaces. These notifications give you information about new messages you've received and spaces you've been added to.
The app also keeps drafts of your messages if you don't send them right away. You'll see next to spaces with drafts left in them.
Your upcoming and ongoing meetings are always visible at the top of the spaces list, regardless of any space filters you've set.
Space Activities
Your group work takes place in spaces, either in groups or in direct messages with another person. When you're in a space, click the activity menu tabs to access the different activities you can do:
Messages—see all messages in the space. We keep these messages secure so you can feel confident sharing your work ideas.
People—see who's in the space.
Content:
Files—find your shared files, photos and videos.

  View files in a List view, or a Grid view.
Whiteboards—create and share content on whiteboards.
Links—see all links shared in the space.
Recordings—see all recordings shared in the space.
Schedule—create a meeting from the space or view upcoming meetings scheduled for the space.
When you're in a space, you can make a call to a person or start an instant meeting with everyone in the space. Choose from:
Audio—make an audio call to a person.
Video—make a video call to a person.
—start a meeting with everyone in the space.
To see all messages pinned in the space you're in, click , or to search through the conversation history of the space you're in, click Search in space.