August 03, 2023 |
13227 view(s) |
46 people thought this was helpful
USB microphone support for Desk and Room Series
You can use a USB microphone or a USB audio interface with your device. Here is an overview of the required configurations and the audio device models we’ve tested.
The following devices support USB audio devices, such as microphones and audio interface: Room Kit Pro, Room 70 G2, Room 70 Panorama, Room Panorama, Room Kit Plus, Room Kit EQ, Room Bar, Room Kit Mini, Room Kit, Room 55, Desk Pro, Desk, Desk Mini, Board Pro. These devices also support USB headsets. For the Room 55 Dual and the Room 70, you have to add a USB hub if you want to connect external USB audio equipments to these devices. Their only USB-A port is used by the device.
USB microphones and audio interfaces are supported for:
Webex registered devices
Webex Edge for Devices linked devices with cloud-managed software upgrades
In general, we recommend using the Cisco Table Microphone or Cisco Ceiling Microphone as external microphones. These microphones are thoroughly tested with our devices and give a consistent mute behavior. However, some scenarios require, or take advantage from using external USB microphones or USB audio interfaces:
If your device doesn’t have a dedicated microphone input, your room is slightly larger than recommended, or has challenging acoustics, an extra USB table microphone may improve performance.
In situations with special requirements for audio pickup, for example in broadcast scenarios, shotgun or lavalier microphones might be preferred. These may be USB microphones, or require a USB audio interface in between.
A USB audio interface also opens for more microphones, and other microphone types.

Desk Pro and Room Kit Mini don’t have dedicated microphone inputs. Hence, USB is the only option for connecting external microphones to these devices.
Configuration
When you connect a USB audio device to the device’s USB-A connector, the default behavior is tailored for the use of a USB headset. Both the input (microphone) and output (speaker) channels are connected, and the built-in speakers and microphones are disabled. All audio is routed to and from your headset.
When you want to use the USB-A connector for an external microphone or an audio interface you must change the Audio USB Mode setting. This setting is available in Control Hub, local web interface, and xAPI. Choose between the following values:
Microphone: Only the external USB microphone is used for audio input. Audio playback is on the built-in speakers.
AdditionalMicrophone (only Room Kit Mini and Room Bar): Both the external USB microphone and the built-in microphone are used for audio input. Audio playback is on the built-in speakers.
If the audio input level from the USB microphone isn’t optimal, you must adjust the Audio Input USBMicrophone Level setting (available in the local web interface).
Mute behavior
When using external Cisco microphones, the mute behavior is consistent. The mute LEDs on all microphones and the on-screen notification are synchronized and reflect the current mute status. If you press the mute button on one microphone, all the other microphones are muted, and mute can be toggled on and off both by the microphones and the Cisco device.
When using a non-Cisco microphone, consistency may be lost and we recommend that, when possible, the microphone should be muted from the device it's connected to. The Cisco device supports USB HID (Human Interface Devices) control messages. If the external audio system also support HID, the mute buttons and mute LEDs on the external audio equipment and the Cisco device can be synchronized. All mute LEDs then shows the mute status of the overall system, and mute can be toggled on and off both by the microphones and the Cisco device.

When you mute from the user interface of the device, all microphones are always muted.
Recommendations and requirements
The devices don’t support all types of USB microphones and USB audio interfaces. These are the things to look for:
Cisco recommends asynchronous USB audio.When using non-asynchronous USB audio you must switch off echo cancellation in the Cisco device, and leave it to be controlled by the external audio system. A diagnostics message, “USB microphone not supported. Asynchronous type is required” is issued if echo cancellation is not switched off.
The microphone or audio interface should have a stable and linear frequency response. “Smart” signal processing, such as dynamic companding, may interfere with the performance of the device’s echo canceller and degrade the audio quality.
A USB audio interface may require higher power than offered on the device’s USB-A port. In such cases, you must connect an external power supply.
We have tested the audio pickup quality and asynchronous USB audio support for the following USB devices.
Microphones:
MXL AC-404
Røde NT-USB MINI
Audio interfaces:
Focusrite Scarlett 2i4 (2nd generation)
M-Audio M-TRACK SOLO
Roland Cakewalk UA-25 EX

The provided lists aren’t exhaustive; other USB audio devices may also work with your device.