January 20, 2023 |
477 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Bang & Olufsen Cisco 980 product safety and security
The immersive sound provided by the B&O Cisco 980 lets you work from anywhere, and in any environment.
Safety and Performance Information
Regulatory Domains
The radio frequency (RF) for this phone is configured for a specific regulatory domain. If you use this phone outside of the specific regulatory domain, the phone will not function properly, and you might violate local regulations.
External Devices
We recommend that you use good-quality external devices that are shielded against unwanted radio frequency (RF) and audio frequency (AF) signals. External devices include headsets, cables, and connectors.
Depending on the quality of these devices and their proximity to other devices, such as mobile phones or two-way radios, some audio noise may still occur. In these cases, we recommend that you take one or more of these actions:
Move the external device away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Route the external device cables away from the source of the RF or AF signals.
Use shielded cables for the external device, or use cables with a better shield and connector.
Shorten the length of the external device cable.
Apply ferrites or other such devices on the cables for the external device.
Cisco cannot guarantee the performance of external devices, cables, and connectors.

  In European Union countries, use only external speakers, microphones, and headsets that are fully compliant with the EMC Directive [89/336/EC].
Bluetooth Wireless Headset Performance
Cisco IP Phones support Bluetooth Class 2 technology when the headsets support Bluetooth. Bluetooth enables low-bandwidth wireless connections within a range of 30 feet (10 meters). The best performance is in the 3- to 6-foot (1- to 2-meter) range. You can connect up to five headsets, but only the last one connected is used as the default.
Because of potential interference issues, we recommend that you move 802.11b/g devices, Bluetooth devices, microwave ovens, and large metal objects away from the wireless headset.
The Bluetooth wireless headset does not need to be within direct line-of-sight of the phone. However, some barriers, such as walls or doors, and interference from other electronic devices, can affect the connection.
UL Warning
The LAN/Ethernet cable or other cables attached to the device should not be extended outside of the building.
Product Label
The product label is located on the bottom of the device.
Compliance Statements
Compliance Statements for the European Union
CE Marking
The following CE mark is affixed to the equipment and packaging.
RF Exposure Statement for the European Union
This device has been evaluated and found compliant in accordance with EU EMF Directive 2014/53/EU.
Compliance Statements for the USA
FCC Compliance Statements
The Federal Communications Commission requires compliance statements for the following statements.
FCC Part 15.19 Statement
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
FCC Part 15.21 Statement
Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.
FCC RF Radiation Exposure Statement
This equipment complies with FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an uncontrolled environment. End users must follow the specific operating instructions for satisfying RF exposure compliance. This transmitter must be at least 20 cm from the user and must not be collocated or operating in conjunction with any other antenna or transmitter.
Part 15 Radio Device

  The Part 15 radio device operates on a non-interference basis with other devices operating at this frequency. Any changes or modification to said product not expressly approved by Cisco, including the use of non-Cisco antennas, could void the user’s authority to operate this device.
FCC Receivers and Class B Digital Statement
This product has been tested and complies with the specifications for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used according to the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which is found by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna
Increase the separation between the equipment or devices
Connect the equipment to an outlet other than the receiver's
Consult a dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for assistance
Compliance Statements for Canada
This device complies with Industry Canada license-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device. Privacy of communications may not be ensured when using this phone.
This product meets the applicable Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada technical specifications.
Avis de Conformité Canadien
Cet appareil est conforme aux normes RSS exemptes de licence RSS d’Industry Canada. Le fonctionnement de cet appareil est soumis à deux conditions : (1) ce périphérique ne doit pas causer d'interférence et (2) ce périphérique doit supporter les interférences, y compris celles susceptibles d'entraîner un fonctionnement non souhaitable de l'appareil. La protection des communications ne peut pas être assurée lors de l'utilisation de ce téléphone.
Le présent produit est conforme aux spécifications techniques applicables d'Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada.
Canadian RF Exposure Statement
THIS DEVICE MEETS THE LIMITS AS REFERENCED BY ISED RSS-102 R5 FOR EXPOSURE TO RADIO WAVES
Your device includes a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the General populace (uncontrolled) limits for exposure to radio waves (radio frequency electromagnetic fields) as referenced in RSS-102 which references Health Canada Safety Code 6 and include a substantial safety margin designed to assure the safety of all persons, regardless of age and health.
As such the systems are designed to be operated as to avoid contact with the antennas by the end user. It is recommended to set the system in a location where the antennas can remain at least a minimum distance as specified from the user in accordance to the regulatory guidelines which are designed to reduce the overall exposure of the user or operator.
The device has been tested and found compliant with the applicable regulations as part of the radio certification process.
Déclaration d'Exposition aux RF Canadienne
CE PÉRIPHÉRIQUE RESPECTE LES LIMITES DÉCRITES PAR LA NORME RSS-102 R5 D'EXPOSITION À DES ONDES RADIO
Votre appareil comprend un émetteur et un récepteur radio. Il est conçu pour ne pas dépasser les limites applicables à la population générale (ne faisant pas l'objet de contrôles périodiques) d'exposition à des ondes radio (champs électromagnétiques de fréquences radio) comme indiqué dans la norme RSS-102 qui sert de référence au règlement de sécurité n°6 sur l'état de santé du Canada et inclut une marge de sécurité importantes conçue pour garantir la sécurité de toutes les personnes, quels que soient leur âge et état de santé.
En tant que tels, les systèmes sont conçus pour être utilisés en évitant le contact avec les antennes par l'utilisateur final. Il est recommandé de positionner le système à un endroit où les antennes peuvent demeurer à au moins une distance minimum préconisée de l'utilisateur, conformément aux instructions des réglementations qui sont conçues pour réduire l'exposition globale de l'utilisateur ou de l'opérateur.
Le périphérique a été testé et déclaré conforme aux réglementations applicables dans le cadre du processus de certification radio.
Compliance Statements for New Zealand
Permit to Connect (PTC) General Warning
The grant of a Telepermit for any item of terminal equipment indicates only that Spark NZ has accepted that the item complies with minimum conditions for connection to its network. It indicates no endorsement of the product by Spark NZ, nor does it provide any sort of warranty. Above all, it provides no assurance that any item will work correctly in all respects with another item of Telepermitted equipment of a different make or model, nor does it imply that any product is compatible with all of Spark NZ network services.
Use of IP Networks with the PSTN
Internet Protocol (IP) by its nature introduces delay into speech signals as each data packet is formulated and addressed. Spark NZ Access Standards recommends that suppliers, designers and installers using this technology for calls to or from the PSTN refer to ITU E Model requirements in the design of their networks. The overall aim is to minimise delay, distortion and other transmission impairments, particularly for those calls involving cellular and international networks, which already suffer extensive delay.
The Use of Voice Compression Through the PSTN
Because of the extensive delay already experienced when calling cellular and international networks, some of which is already caused by their use of voice compression technologies. Spark NZ Access Standards will only approve G711 voice technology for use on the PSTN. G711 is an ‘instantaneous speech-encoding technique’ whereas G729 and all its variants are considered ‘near instantaneous’ introducing additional delay into the speech signal.
Echo Cancellation
Echo cancelers are not normally required in the Spark NZ PSTN because geographic delays are acceptable where CPE return loss is maintained within Telepermit limits. However, those private networks that make use of Voice-over-IP (VoIP) technology are required to provide echo cancellation for all voice calls. The combined effect of audio/VoIP conversion delay and IP routing delay can cause the echo cancellation time of 64 mS to be required.
Compliance Information for Japan
VCCI Compliance for Class B Equipment
Japan JATE Compliance HS-WL-980
Compliance Statements for Taiwan
DGT Warning Statement
Compliance Statement for Argentina
Advertencia
No utilizar una fuente de alimentación con caracteristícas distintas a las expresadas ya que podría ser peligroso.
Compliance Statement for Singapore