June 14, 2023 |
5679 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Enroll Cisco IOS managed gateways to Webex Cloud
In this article
Connecting your IOS managed gateway devices to Cisco Webex Control Hub, allows you to manage and monitor them from anywhere, together with the rest of your Unified Communications infrastructure. Moreover, this enables you to initiate common tasks to manage your devices more effectively. To enroll a gateway, you have to install a management connector application and make sure that there is a secure connection between this and the Cisco Webex cloud. After you establish this connection, you can enroll the gateway by logging in to the Control Hub.
About managed gateways
Enrolling your Cisco IOS gateways to Control Hub helps you to simplify device management and allows you to benefit from new Webex Calling services. As gateways maintain a connection with Control Hub, you can manage and monitor them from anywhere, along with the rest of your Webex Calling devices.

This process does not apply to Cisco IOS Voice Gateways, such as the VG400, which are fully managed as devices in Control Hub.
The connection from the gateway to Control Hub is established and maintained by small connector applications, which run in a virtual Linux enviroment within the gateway, known as the Guest Shell. The Guest Shell and connector applications are configured and setup using a simple-to-follow script, which is run on the gateway from the Webex cloud during the enrollment process.
To simplify the installation process, the script adds a number of necessary gateway configurations. Details of these commands are provided in the subsequent section.
Introduction to gateway connectors


Limitations and restrictions
Prerequisites



Associate a secondary IP address for Virtual CUBE on AWS

Add a new gateway instance in Control Hub

Install the gateway connector








Enroll the gateway to Control Hub



Gateway connector states
Post-installation activities


Manage your gateway instance in Control Hub

Where to go next