October 01, 2021 |
5472 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector in Moodle
In this article
Install and set up the Webex Education Connector in Moodle so that teachers and students start and attend classes, participate in class discussions, share files, and schedule office hours.
Install the Webex Education Connector in Moodle
Use the following steps to install the Webex Education Connector in Moodle version 3.5.2.
Before you begin
Before you can install Webex Education Connector, you first must Configure Your Webex Site for Webex Education Connector.
The Moodle site must have SSL configured before installation. You need to be a Moodle Administrator and Webex site administrator to complete the installation.
1
Sign in to Moodle with your administrator account and go to Site Administration.
2
Click Advanced Features, check the box for Enable web services, then scroll down and click Save Changes.
3
Go to the Server tab, select Manage Protocols, and then click Save Changes.
Make sure that REST protocol is enabled.
4
Go to Web Services > External Services, click Add and enter the following in the provided fields.
Name field—Enter a descriptive name.
Short name field—Enter cisco_webex_app.
Enabled—Check this box.
5
Click Add Service > Add functions and select the following functions from the drop down list:
core_calendar_create_calendar_events
core_calendar_delete_calendar_events
core_enrol_get_enrolled_users
core_grades_update_grades
core_user_get_users_by_field
gradereport_user_get_grade_items
core_webservice_get_site_info
core_course_get_courses
6
Select Add Functions.
Create a New Token
1
On the main Site Administration page, click the Server tab.
2
Go to Web Services > Manage Tokens, click Add and enter the following information:
User—Select your name from the drop-down list.
Service—Select Webex.
Valid until—Select a future date.
3
Copy the generated token ID.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
1
Open a tab in your browser, navigate to https://lti.educonnector.io/, and enter the following information:
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name.
Your site name is the text in your Webex URL before .webex.com. If your site URL is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool (exclude https:// and .webex.com, and remove capitalization).
LMS—Select Moodle.
Moodle Site Domain—Enter your Moodle site name.
For example, if your site URL is https://myschool.moodlecloud.com, enter myschool.moodlecloud.com.
Moodle Web Service Name—Enter cisco_webex_app.
Moodle Web Token—Paste the generated token ID that you copied from Step 3 of Create a Token.
Moodle Site Timezone —Select the timezone of your Moodle site.
2
Select Next, and take note of Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, and LTI Registration URL.
Create an External Tool Activity
To add the Webex Education Connector to a course, first create an External Tool Activity.
1
Sign into Moodle with your administrator account and go to Site Administration.
2
Click the Plugins tab, and go to Activity Modules > External Tool > Manage Tools > Manage Preconfigured Tools.
3
Click Add Preconfigured Tool and enter the following information:
Tool Name—Enter Webex or another descriptive name.
Tool URL—Enter https://lti.educonnector.io/launches.
Tool Description—Leave blank.
Consumer Key—Enter Your Consumer Key from Step 2 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Shared Secret—Enter Your Shared Secret from Step 2 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Custom Parameters—Leave blank.
Tool Configuration Usage—Select Show as preconfigured tool when adding an external tool.
Default Launch Container—Select Embed, without blocks.
Privacy—Optional.
Miscellaneous—Optional.
4
Click Save Changes.
Add the Webex Education Connector to a Course
Follow these steps for each course where you'd like to add the Webex Education Connector.
1
In Moodle, open a course.
2
Click the gear icon in the upper-right corner and select Turn editing on.
3
Click Add an activity or resource in the section you want to add the Webex Education Connector to and select the External tool tile.
4
Enter the following information:
Activity name—Enter Webex Education Connector
Preconfigured tool—Select the name for the tool that you chose in Step 4 of Install the Webex Education Connector in Moodle.
Privacy—Check the following options:
Share launcher’s name with the tool
Share launcher’s email with the tool
Accept grades from the tool
5
Click Save and return to course.
Authorize the Webex Education Connector
1
Click the activity name you created in Step 4 of Create an External Tool Activity to open the Webex Education Connector.
2
From the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section.
3
Click Authorize and follow the prompts.

  If the Webex Education Connector is already authorized, you'll see a gray Authorized button.
4
If you can't authorize the Webex Education Connector, make sure your Moodle site has a valid SSL certificate and that you're using HTTPs.
Sign in to Moodle with your administrator account.
Go to Site Administration, scroll to the Security section and select HTTP Security from the drop-down menu.
Check the Use HTTPs for logins box and click Save.
Set Site-Wide Features
Set which features are available site-wide for instructors to configure for their courses.
1
From the Setup tab in the Webex Education Connector, click Go to Admin Console and choose the settings that you want to enable.
2
Click Back to save your changes and return to the Setup tab.