April 26, 2023 |
28 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Webex Call Integration with Microsoft Teams for UCM Cloud
In this article
Seamlessly place UCM Cloud calls from within Microsoft Teams without interrupting your workflow or switching between applications.
Overview
Cisco Webex Calling integration for Microsoft Teams is an application within Microsoft Teams that enables the user to make voice and video calls using Call Manager. With a single click from within the Microsoft teams’ interface, you can have access to all advanced calling capabilities of Call Manager.
Using your existing UCM Cloud infrastructure, the Webex Calling integration with Microsoft Teams is powerful way to collaborate and communicate within Microsoft Teams.

Currently, Call History is on beta. Voicemail and In-call Presence integration for Call manager will be added in the upcoming releases.
Prerequisite
Cisco Unified CM Configuration:
The line number on Cisco Unified CM needs to be associated to the User ID for the Call History to be populated with the username.
From Cisco Unified CM Administration, use the Device → Phone, select the phone and click on the Device Name (Line) and then click the required line from Association panel to get to User Associated with Line.
Cisco Unified CM Versions:
Supported Cisco Unified CM version: 12.5 SU7
Support for this feature in 14.x version will be on 14SU3, targeted for release in April 2023.
Users synced to Control Hub:
The users need to be synced either from on-prem Active Directory or from Cloud AD such as Azure to Control Hub Common Identity (CI).

Webex App is required for this Microsoft Teams integration with UCM Cloud to work.
Configure Microsoft Teams:
Teams Administrators must configure your Teams app with Webex Calling. Refer to Configure Webex Calling for Microsoft Teams for details.
Call History
Missed a call and want to see who it was? Or, you might just need an easy way to get back to someone you've talked to before. Go to the call history where you can see the calls you've made, received, and missed in the last few days.

Call History feature is enabled by default for UCM Cloud customers.
With Microsoft Teams integration for UCM Cloud you will:
have the ability to see a list of recent calls in Microsoft Teams integration.
able to hover on each call in the list, and have the ability to call the contact who called
to click on each call in the list, and that will provide more information on that call including:
Contact Name
Contact Phone Number
Date and Time of the call
Call Duration
Indicate whether the call was an Incoming, Outgoing or a Missed call
Known Issues
Call history records aren't populated for calls made to Hunt pilot numbers and received by the Hunt pilot Agents. Following is the behaviour currently:
Alice calls Hunt pilot
Agent1 answers the call. Alice sees the history record for Hunt pilot. But, Agent1 doesn’t see any record.
Alice calls Hunt pilot
Hunt pilot has two agents (Agent1, Agent2) configured and none of them answers the call. Alice sees two call records for the same hunt pilot. But, Agent1 or Agent2 don't see any record.