August 04, 2023 |
17776 view(s) |
35 people thought this was helpful
Configure Microsoft Teams for Webex Calling
Install the Webex Calling as the default calling option for all users in your organization.
Use this article to configure your Teams app with Webex Calling options. The icon is added to the left navigation and as a Messaging extension. With the Teams calling option turned off, everyone in the organization uses the same platform to make and receive calls.
Prerequisites
Make sure you’re a Microsoft Teams administrator.
Make sure you have access to the Control Hub.
Verify that users have assigned licenses in Control Hub and registered to Cisco Unified Communications Manager, or Webex Calling for making calls.
Users must have Webex App and Microsoft Teams installed.
For the Webex Calling for Microsoft Teams integration to work with the Unified CM call control backend (on-premises, Webex Calling Dedicated Instance or UCM Cloud), ensure you are on Unified CM 12.5 SU7 or 14 SU3, Cisco Unity Connection (CUC) 12.5 or 14.
For On-prem Unified CM customers, ensure Unified CM & CUC clusters are on-boarded to Webex Cloud-Connected UC (CCUC).
The users need to be synced either from on-prem Active Directory or from Cloud AD such as Azure to Control Hub Common Identity (CI).
For on-premises, Webex Calling Dedicated Instance, and UCM Cloud customers, Configure Cisco Unified CM—The line number on Cisco Unified CM needs to be associated to the User ID for the Call History to be populated with the username. From Cisco Unified CM Administration, use the Device → Phone, select the phone and click on the Device Name (Line) and then click the required line from Association panel to get to User Associated with Line.
Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI): When Webex Calling integration for Microsoft Teams is used in a VDI environment, both Webex Calling and Microsoft Teams must be running in the same virtual machine.
Microsoft Teams and Control Hub configurations
Microsoft Teams configuration
1
Sign in to Teams admin center to manage your apps and allow Webex Calling.
In the Dashboard menu, go to Teams apps > Manage apps.
In the search box, enter Webex Callingand select the app name, then click Allow > Allow.
When you allow an app on the Manage apps page, it's allowed org-wide.
2
Manage third-party apps in your Permission policies to allow Webex Calling.
In the Dashboard menu, go to Teams apps > Permission policies.
Select the Default policy (or create a new policy).

  Users in your organization will automatically get the global policy unless you create and assign a custom policy. You can create a new policy to apply your own permissions for users, installation of apps, and custom apps for your organization. After you edit or assign a policy, it can take a few hours for changes to take effect.
Select the Third-party apps drop-down, then Allow specific apps and block all others.
Click Allow apps and search for Webex Calling.
Hover over Webex Calling and click Add > Allow > Save.
How you manage third-party apps for your organization is up to you. Specifically add Webex Calling if you restrict access to other third-party apps.
3
Install Webex Calling, then add the icon to the Webex App and unpin the built-in calling option.
In the Dashboard menu, go to Teams apps and click Setup policies > + Add. Give the new policy a name.
Under Installed apps, click +Add apps and search for Webex Calling.
Hover over the app name and click Add > Add.
Under Pinned apps, click +Add apps and search for Webex Calling.
Hover over the app name and click Add > Add.
To unpin the built-in calling option, remove Calling from the App bar list.
Make sure Webex Calling is added to the top of both the App bar column list, and to Messaging extensions column.
Click Save.
The Webex Calling is pinned to the apps menu and as a messaging extension for all users.
4
Optional––disable the built-in calling option org-wide and make Webex Calling the only call option:
In the Dashboard menu, go to Voice > Calling policies.
Select the Default policy (or create a new policy).

  Create a new policy to apply your own permissions for users, installation of apps, and custom apps for your organization.
Turn Make private calls to Off, then click Save.
Control Hub configuration
You can configure and enable the following features in Control Hub to make them available for Microsoft Teams users.
Hide Webex App window
You can configure to hide the Webex App window when users interact with the Webex Calling integration with Microsoft Teams. For more information on the configuration, see: Configure to hide Webex App window for Microsoft Teams users.
Enable voicemail
You can enable voicemail for the users to access it. For more information on how to enable it, see: Configure and manage voicemail settings for a Webex Calling user.

This feature is currently available only for Webex Calling customers.
Enable call history
Call History feature is enabled by default for Webex Calling, Dedicated Instance, and UCM Cloud customers.
BroadWorks administrators must enable unified call history to ensure this feature works correctly. See Webex for Cisco BroadWorks Configuration Guide for more details.
To enable call history for On-prem UCM customers, perform the following steps:
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com., go to Services > Connected UC. On the UC Management card, click Inventory.
The list of cluster groups appears with the description, status, clusters, and nodes.
2
Click Details next to the cluster group on which you need to enable call history toggle.
The Inventory page appears, showing the list of clusters belonging to the selected cluster group.
3
Click Details next to the cluster to which the particular product node belongs.
The Node name with the version, product, and status appears.
4
Click the ellipsis ⋮ icon next to Event History and choose Service Management.
The Service Management page appears with the list of services.
5
Use the toggle button to enable the Centralized Call History.
6
Click Submit.
7
If the Data Collection Confirmation popup is displayed, agree to it by enabling the check box and click Submit.
Enable multi call window
Multi call window is a separate, floating window that helps users to manage multiple or shared lines in a single window. Users can make and receive calls, see the status of all lines, and have better access to features like hold, transfer, and barge, without changing to another window.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com., go to Services, and then click Calling > Client Settings.
2
Go to In-call feature section, and under Additional features, toggle on Display multi call window and choose one of the following options:
For multi line users only—Select this option to enable multi call window only for users having shared lines, virtual lines, and executive assistant lines.
For all users—Select this option to enable multi call window for all users.