May 05, 2023 |
2422 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Change IP Address of an Expressway Node in a Hybrid Resource
Change the IP address of an Expressway node that's part of a hybrid resource and registered to the cloud. Requires steps in Cisco Webex Control Hub, on the target Expressway node, and on its peer nodes.
Before you begin

  This procedure is limited in scope to changing the IP address of one, non-primary, Expressway node in your connector host cluster. It does not extend to changing the FQDN of a node or the cluster, changing the primary node, or otherwise modifying the cluster.
Identify a maintenance window for this task and note the following:
For a cluster of multiple nodes, if you're changing the IP address of one Expressway node, you won't affect the service for your users.
For a single node registered to cloud , changing the IP address of this node results in downtime for users.
1
Put the node in to maintenance mode in Control Hub:
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and then click View under All Resources from the on-premises resources card.
Click Expressway to filter on the resources for Expressway-based hybrid services.
If your Expressways are in resource groups, open the resource group that contains the cluster you want to change.
When you find the Expressway resource card, click the n nodes link below the cluster name or IP address.
This opens up the cluster to show all the node cards.
For the node you want to do maintenance on, go to Actions, and then choose Enable Maintenance Mode.
After you've read and understood the prompt, click Enable.
The node goes in to a pending maintenance state. For a multi-node high availability deployment, this state makes sure that the node can be temporarily shut down in a safe manner with little or no service interruption.
Expressway nodes go in to maintenance mode within 30 seconds and users may briefly lose that service until they are migrated to another node.
2
Remove the old/current IP address, of the peer that is changing, from the clustering configuration on all nodes:
Sign in to the user interface of the primary Expressway node in the cluster.
Go to System > Clustering.
Delete the IP address from the list.
Click Save.
Repeat these substeps on the subordinate nodes in the cluster, including the node whose address you are changing.
3
Edit the A/AAAA record for the affected node's FQDN to resolve to the new IP address (if there is an address record for the node).
4
Use nslookup or similar tool to verify the updated record in DNS.
5
Change the IP Address on the Expressway node which is changing (System > Network interfaces > IP) and save.
Expressway prompts you for a restart.
6
Restart the affected Expressway node.
You don't need to restart other nodes in the cluster.
7
Add the new IP address, of the peer that has changed, to the clustering configuration on all nodes:
Sign in to the user interface of the primary Expressway node in the cluster.
Go to System > Clustering.
Add the new IP address to the list, in the same slot that was occupied by the old IP address.
Click Save.
Repeat these substeps on the subordinate nodes in the cluster, including the node whose address you changed.
When you change the clustering page on the affected node, you must restart the node (again).
The list of addresses is now identical on System > Clustering pages of all nodes, as it was before, except the new IP address of the changed node is in the list instead of the old IP address.
8
Move the Expressway out of Maintenance Mode in Control Hub:
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and filter the on-premises resources by Expressway.
Find the affected Expressway resource card, and click the n nodes link below the cluster FQDN or IP address.
This opens up the cluster to show all the node cards.
Find the node whose IP address changed, go to Actions, and disable maintenance mode.
Control Hub now shows the node as Initializing, then Online. This update might take a few minutes.