January 20, 2023 |
2189 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Manage participants in your meeting
During a meeting, you can go to your Participants list and access a list of options. This gives you a quick way to do things like chat with a participant, stop their video, or remove them from the meeting.
Desktop
Mobile
1
In a meeting, go to Participants .

  To find the person that you're looking for, search for the participant or expand or collapse the In the meeting and Not in the meeting sections.
2
Hover over the participant's name and select More options .
3
Select from the following options.
You may not see all these options. What you see depends on your role in the meeting and the meeting type.
Webex scheduled meeting or Personal Room meeting:
Make presenter—For more information, see Make someone the presenter.
Make host—For more information, see Make someone else the meeting host.
Make cohost—For more information, see Add or remove a cohost from a meeting.
Chat—For more information, see, Send a message.
Expel—For more information, see Remove Someone from a Meeting.
Create space—For more information, see Create a Space.
Enhanced meeting associated with a space:

  The enhanced experience isn't yet available in Webex for Government.
Assign as moderator—For more information, see Make someone the moderator of a space.
Make presenter—For more information, see Make someone the presenter.
Make host—For more information, see Make someone else the meeting host.
Make cohost—For more information, see Add or remove a cohost from a meeting.
Chat—For more information, see, Send a message.
Expel—For more information, see Remove Someone from a Meeting.
Create space—For more information, see Create a Space.
Classic meeting associated with a space:
Send message—For more information, see Send a Message.
Stop video—For more information, see Turn off Participants Video.
Assign moderator—For more information, see Make Someone a Moderator of a Space.
Remove from meeting—For more information, see Remove Someone from a Meeting.
Create space—For more information, see Create a Space.