March 10, 2023 |
6892 view(s) |
27 people thought this was helpful
Grid view layouts for the Webex Meetings mobile app
Grid view allows you to see video from multiple participants at once on your mobile device. You can change the number of participants to show for your portrait or landscape video layouts from the app settings.
iOS
Android

  Devices older than iPhone 5s don’t support grid views.
Portrait video layout – iPhone
1×2 portrait video layout
You can view up to two participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see the grid view settings for iPhone.
2×2 portrait video layout
You can view up to four participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. The 2×2 view is the default portrait video layout.
Landscape video layout – iPhone
2×2 landscape video layout
You can view up to four participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see the grid view settings for iPhone.
3×2 landscape video layout
You can view up to six participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. The 3×2 view is the default landscape video layout.
3×3 landscape video layout
You can view up to nine participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos.
Portrait video layout – iPad
2×3 portrait video layout
You can view up to six participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see Grid view settings for iPad.
2×4 portrait video layout
You can view up to eight participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. The 2×4 view is the default portrait video layout.
3×7 portrait video layout
If you're using an iPad Pro with a 12.9 inch display, you can view up to 21 participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see Grid view settings for iPad.
Landscape video layout – iPad
3×2 landscape video layout
You can view up to six participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see Grid view settings for iPad.
3×3 landscape video layout
You can view up to nine participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. The 3×3 view is the default landscape video layout.
5×5 landscape video layout
If you're using an iPad Pro with a 12.9 inch display, you can view up to 25 participant videos at the same time. Swipe left to view more participant videos. To switch the view, see grid view settings for iPad.
Set the grid view layout
Set the grid view layout that you want to use as the default.
1
Tap Settings > Audio & Video and scroll down to Portrait video layout and Landscape video layout.
2
Choose the layouts that you want to use for the portait and landscape orientation.
iPhone layouts:
iPad layouts: