August 07, 2023 |
169 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Modify Location Subscription for Cisco Calling Plans from Control Hub
In this article
You can move all locations from a suspended subscription to an active one without reaching out to our support team.
Overview
Locations using Cisco Calling Plans require a subscription from Cisco to use. You can now move locations between subscriptions with a Calling License without the need to reach out to our support team.
If subscriptions with Calling license are suspended, a notice is displayed to the user to move the locations to an active Calling subscription. Also, you are notified with an email notification with details of the suspended subscription and the locations associated with it.

You can reassign the location to another subscription only if there are additional subscriptions available for calling else you need to contact your partner to proceed further.
Move subscription
To move locations between subscriptions with a Calling License from Control Hub, perform one of the following:
Move subscription for an existing Cisco PSTN connection
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com/login.
Go to Services > Calling > PSTN.
A banner is displayed at the top of the screen with the suspended subscription and a link to update the subscription. Click the link to update the subscription.
In the Update subscription page select the Subscription ID to reassign the location to another active subscription.

This page displays the list of locations associated with the selected subscription.

Any change to the subscription will be applied to all location in this list.

The subscription must have an active Calling License and not Operations Pending status. Only subscriptions which the location may be moved to are enabled. All other subscriptions are greyed out.
Click Save and then click Close on the Your subscription has been updated page.
Move subscription from Location with PSTN connection
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com/login.
Go to Management > Locations.
Select the location on which you need to modify or update the subscription and click Calling.
Click Manage in the Calling connection section.
Click Edit next to Subscription ID.
Select the active subscription to which the location is to be moved.

The subscription must have an active Calling License and not Operations Pending status. Only subscriptions which the location may be moved to are enabled. All other subscriptions are greyed out.
Click Save and then click Close upon update successful pop-up message.
Update suspended subscription
You can move the suspended subscription from one location to another active subscription.
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com/login.
Go to Management > Account > Subscriptions > Calling.
The suspended subscriptions have a warning message and a link to update the subscription. Click the link to update the subscription.

Link to update the subscription is available only when there are additional subscriptions available for calling, else you need to contact your partner.
In the Update subscription page select the Subscription ID by which you can reassign the location to another subscription.
Click Save and then click Close on the Your subscription has been updated page.
Email notification
You will receive an e-mail with suspended subscription ID and the list of impacted locations. If there are additional subscriptions available for calling, you will see a link to update the subscription else you need to contact your calling partner to proceed further.