January 20, 2023 |
186741 view(s) |
3031 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Personal insights
Personal insights leverage the power of Webex App’s messaging and meeting platforms to deliver personalized insights and analysis that increase and promote personal well-being, build better quality connections, and a more inclusive work experience for all. If you don't see this feature, contact your administrator for more information.
Personal insights show you your personal data so you can reflect on building better connections, how you are spending your time in meetings, consideration for your colleagues when you're scheduling meetings within quiet hours, and see how your work-life balance can be improved. Your data and insights are never shared with anyone else, even your company or manager. The data used to provide insights that benchmark your behavior against that of your peers is always aggregated and anonymized. To learn more about data privacy, see the Cisco Online Privacy Statement.
Personal insights settings
Change your settings to hide personal insights information, benchmark your insights and metrics against your peers, set your quiet hours and time zone, and configure the minimum length of your focus time.
1
Go to Personal Insights, and click Settings.
2
Configure the following settings:
Personal Insights—Turns the personal insights feature ON or OFF. When you opt out of personal insights, you won't see any personal insights data, and that data won't be calculated.

  Depending on your administrator's settings, you are asked to opt in or out when you launch personal insights for the first time. It can take up to seven to ten days for your insights to be generated.
Goal notifications—Turns notifications ON or OFF. You'll see a badge notification when you meet the goals you set for last week.
Peer benchmarking—Turns the peer benchmarking feature ON or OFF. When this feature is turned off, you won't see data on how you compare to your peers in some sections of the personal insights feature.
Quiet hours—Set the hours when you are not working, so that the personal insights feature can calculate your schedule more accurately.
Time Zone—Select your time zone from the drop-down list.
Focus time—Focus time is the minimum amount of time that the personal insights feature counts as undisturbed, focused work that is being completed. Your time is counted as focus time when your time shows as available, and your calendar appointments don't have any invitees.

  You can schedule focus time by creating appointments in your calendar with no other invitees for the minimum amount of time you have configured.
3
Click Save.
Connections
Build the right connections
What's new
Your network



Keep in touch

Direct reports (Managers only)


Meetings
Make the most of your meetings
Stay on schedule

Make the right impression

Be a better meeting host

Add agendas or consider rescheduling
Work-life balance
Improve your work life balance
Meetings during your quiet hours
Focus time
Maximize your focus time

Your recent focus time

Schedule focus time
Goals
Your goals
Set new goals