May 26, 2023 |
6553 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Manage tracking codes for Webex sites in Control Hub
Tracking codes help you understand how much a particular group within an organization is using Webex services. You can also map tracking codes to user attributes so that all Webex sites have consistent data.
Map tracking codes to user attributes

  The map tracking codes to user attributes feature is a draft that’s in public preview. We’re giving you a sneak peek at what to expect.
Although you can set up tracking codes by itself, we recommend that you map tracking codes to user attributes because this process:
Ensures consistency with user data in the organization. You can map tracking codes to the same user attributes in multiple sites so that any changes made to a user attribute will update tracking codes in all sites.
Allows you to use tracking codes for sites as needed.
Enables required tracking codes. Previously, required tracking codes weren't possible on Control Hub managed meeting sites. Mapping tracking codes to user attributes is also the only way to get the equivalent of required tracking codes on Control Hub sites.
Automatically populates tracking code data through a sync source if your organization uses automated user onboarding processes, such as Directory Connector, Azure AD, or SAML.
Learn more about how to map tracking codes to user attributes in this article.
Most of this document doesn't apply if your site has the mapped tracking codes to user attributes feature. If you want to manage tracking codes in bulk with a CSV file, you'll need to follow the steps for the user CSV file instead.
About Using Tracking Codes

  If you don't see tracking codes in Control Hub, contact Cisco support.
Tracking codes are alphanumeric codes that identify categories of users on a Webex site. With tracking codes, you can analyze usage by various groups within an organization—For example, by Department or Division. Tracking codes appear as part of the user information in usage reports, which you can obtain for your Webex site. You can use the data in these reports for cost accounting or other internal billing processes.
You can require that users do one or more of the following:
Provide a code value in their user profiles when they sign up for an account.
Provide a code value when scheduling an event, a meeting, or a session.
Select a code value from a list of values that you specify.
You can create a list of code values using one of the following methods:
Type the list of code values.
Import the list of code values from a comma-separated value (CSV) file that you create.
Alternatively, you can specify code values in a user’s profile when you add or edit a user account in Control Hub. Thus, users need not type or select codes values for their profiles or when they schedule events, meetings, or sessions.

  If you completed the site linking procedure, then manage tracking codes for your site in Webex Site Administration.
Specify Tracking Codes for a User
You can also specify tracking codes to track an individual user's or a department's usage of a Webex site.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select the user to specify tracking codes for.
2
In the panel that opens on the right, go to the Services section, and select Meeting.
3
Under Webex Meeting Sites, select the Webex site to track the usage of.
4
Select the Advanced User Settings and Tracking Codes link.
5
On the Advanced User Settings page, go to Tracking Codes, and specify the user's tracking codes, such as West for Region and Sales for Department.
6
Click Update, and then select OK.
Manage Tracking Codes in Bulk
You can manage multiple tracking code values for users by downloading and editing a CSV file in a CSV editor like Microsoft Excel, and then reimporting the file into Control Hub.

  For the upcoming map tracking codes to user attributes feature, this site CSV file will only be read-only. If you want to manage tracking codes in bulk once this feature is released, you'll need to follow the steps for the user CSV file instead.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services and under Meeting, select Sites.
2
Choose the Webex site that you want to edit the tracking code values for, and under Licenses and Users, select Bulk Manage.
3
In the Bulk Modify User Attributes window, click Export to export a CSV file containing your user attributes that you can use to bulk manage tracking codes.
4
When the file is finished exporting, under Licenses and Users, select Export Results, and choose Download.
5
Open the file in a CSV editor, manage the tracking codes for your users, and then save the CSV file.
6
Go to Licenses and Users, and under Users, select Bulk Manage.
7
In the Bulk Modify User Attributes window, import the CSV file by clicking Import and selecting the file, or by dragging the file into the window.
Importing of Tracking Code Values
If you specified tracking code labels, you can import tracking code values instead of typing the values on the Tracking Codes List page. To use this process, first create a CSV (comma-separated values) file that contains the tracking code values.
This option is useful if your organization uses many tracking codes and you want to maintain a list outside of Control Hub.

  If you specify code values incorrectly, Control Hub cannot add those values to the list. In that case, a list of records is generated for the values that it couldn't add, including the cause for each error. You can download a file containing these records to your computer for reference or to correct the errors directly in that file.
You can correct errors directly in the file that is created for you. Ensure that you delete the last column, labeled Comments, before you upload the file to create the remaining code values.
After you upload a CSV file, you can edit values individually on the Tracking Codes List page. Or, you can contact your Webex account manager for assistance.
Specify Tracking Codes
Site administrators can specify tracking codes that track usage of your Webex site. For example, tracking codes can be specified Project, Division, and Department.
The specified tracking code labels, or group names, can appear on any of the following pages on a Webex site:
My Profile page: A page that contains personal information about each user who has an account. A user can maintain personal information on this page.
Schedule a Meeting page: (Webex Meetings) The pages on which users provide information when scheduling a meeting.
Schedule Training Session page: (Webex Training) The page on which users provide information when scheduling a training session.
Schedule an Event page: (Webex Events) The page on which users provide information when scheduling an event.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and select Sites.
2
Choose the Webex site to change the settings for, and select Configure Site.
3
Under Common Settings, select Tracking Codes.
4
In the Tracking Code Group column, type the label, or group name, for the new tracking code.
For example, enter Region or Department.
5
In the Input Mode column, select an option for how users can provide a code value such as entering text or selecting from a list of options you set.
6
To require users to select a tracking code from a list of values that you specify, do one of the following:
To create a list of code values by typing them, click Add/Edit to open the Tracking Codes List page. Then manually type the code values. For Region, you might enter West or California. For Department, you might enter Sales or Engineering.
To create a list of code values by importing them from a CSV (comma-separated values) file that contains the code values, click Batch Add.
7
In the Host Profile column, specify whether the tracking code is required and will appear in user profiles.
8
In the Schedule/start page to column, specify the services where tracking codes will appear in the drop-down list during scheduling, and then specify whether the tracking code is Optional, Required, or Not used. If Optional, the host can select a different tracking code value.
9
Repeat steps 4 to 8 to add more tracking codes, and then click Update.