August 08, 2023 |
4548 view(s) |
14 people thought this was helpful
Best practices: Setting up a Wi-Fi connection on Board, Desk, and Room devices
To help ensure a seamless meeting experience, network administrators should follow the best practices in this article, when configuring a Wi-Fi® connection.
During calls and meetings on Board, Desk, and Room Series devices, you'll quickly find out that a stable internet connection greatly enhances your video and voice experience.
We recommend that you use a wired network connection when available for greater stability. In a home environment, consider using a powerline Ethernet adapter to establish a dedicated and more reliable connection. However, if a wired connection is not practical, you can use a Wireless connection instead.
Important: when setting up a Wi-Fi network, install wireless equipment - such as access points and routers - that can handle and distribute the load across connected devices. You'll probably connect a lot of devices to a wireless network, and bandwidth is limited.
The best practices in this article aim to improve two key metrics, thus improving the video and voice quality experienced on devices connected to a Wi-Fi network:
Packet Loss Rate - the percent of packets that are lost during transmission, and,
Interarrival Jitter - the variation in arrival times of packets being received, in milliseconds.
To help ensure a seamless meeting experience, network administrators should follow these best practices when configuring a Wi-Fi connection:
Avoid deploying access points from different manufacturers as this can contribute to congesting the radio-spectrum.
Prioritize 5 GHz coverage for devices. If 5 GHz and 2.4 GHz share the same network name (SSID), then enable band steering to ensure that 5 GHz is prioritized.
Wireless channel utilization should be under 50%.
Enable 802.11d to add a country information element to beacons, probe requests, and probe responses. If your wireless equipment does not support this, then use world safe channels 36, 40, 44, or 48.
Verify that the device sees an access point at -60 dBm or better (closer to zero is better).
Verify that an access point sees the device at -60 dBm or better (closer to zero is better).
The 'Signal to Noise ratio' should always be 25 dB or more.
Enable 'Airtime fairness' to make sure co-existing clients have equal access to airtime.
Enable QoS if available . Devices tag AF41 for video and EF for voice.

Home office setups using equipment from an Internet Service Provider might not support all the configurations in the list above.