January 14, 2022 |
2796 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Stream meetings, webinars, or events on Workplace from Facebook
Hosts can stream from Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, or Webex Events (classic) on Workplace from Facebook, without downloading or installing any plug-ins. Streaming allows hosts to connect with large audiences on social media by easily sharing their video and content using the Webex controls.
Before you begin
Your Webex administrator must enable live streaming and you must have a Workplace from Facebook account.
Make sure that you have signed in to Workplace from Facebook and become familiar with the process of live streaming well before you intend to live stream your meeting, webinar, or event.

Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren’t supported while live streaming.
1
Sign in to your Webex site and start your meeting, webinar, or event.
2
Go to More options , and click Start live streaming.
Live streaming isn't available during a practice session in a webinar or event.
3
Select Workplace from Facebook and sign in to your account, if necessary.
4
Give your stream a name and description.
5
Select your broadcasting options:
Share in Group—Posts your stream to a Workplace group that you choose.
Share on Your Timeline—Posts your stream to your Workplace timeline.
6
Select the video options that you want to toggle on or off:
Auto-Generated Captions—Allows for the captions of multiple languages to generate automatically.
Live Rewind—Viewer of your stream can rewind the broadcast.

  If selected, the Auto-Generated Captions and Live Rewind options appear for viewers of your stream in Workplace by Facebook.
7
(Optional) Click Change streaming layouts to set the video layout of your stream.
For more information about selecting your streaming video layout, see Live Stream your Webex meetings, webinars, or events.
8
Click Continue, and then click Start Streaming to start streaming from Webex meetings, webinars, or events.
To confirm that you're streaming from Meetings, Webinars, or Events, check for the Live indicator in the upper-right corner of your meeting or event.
What to do next
When you want to end the live stream:
Go back to Workplace and select End Live Video > End .
Go back to your meeting or event, select More Options , and then select Stop streaming.
Known Issues