July 10, 2023 |
6634 view(s) |
26 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Text messages
In Webex App send and receive text messages and save numbers to custom contacts. Respond to calls with text messages or start a call in the space. Use a filter to see all your text messages or hide any unwanted messages.
Requirements
Currently only available in the US and Canada
Only available for Webex Calling with Cisco Calling Plans
Send a text message
If you need to send a text message, you can add text or emoji's to your message in the app and send it to somebody's mobile number.
Text message spaces
When you send or receive a text message, a space is created in the space list. There are some differences between a text message space and other spaces, the right-click menu on desktop or long press menu on mobile have different menu items and you'll see that content you can share in the spaces is limited in the text message space.
Read a new text message
When you share your number with people, they can send a text message from their mobile device and you'll receive the message in a new space. Click the space to read their message.
Mark a new text message as unread
You can mark a new text message as unread, this is helpful if you want to switch to another space before continuing your conversation. In the space list it'll be highlighted again as having unread messages.
Call from a text message
Instead of replying to a text message, you can call the number directly from the space. Click Audio to start an audio call or Video to start a video call.
Respond to a call with a text message
For an incoming call, you can choose Send a text, to reply with a text message instead of answering the call.
Add custom contacts
When you send or receive a message from a number, you can right-click that space and choose Add a custom contact. Fill in their details, and next time you can search for their name to send them a message.
New filter for text messages
To quickly view all your spaces with text messages, click Filter by and choose Texts.
Hide messages
If you receive spam messages or have some less important spaces, you can hide these from your spaces list. Right-click on a space in the spaces list and choose Hide.
To check messages in the hidden spaces at any time, click Filter by and choose Hidden.
Icon for text messages
You'll see an icon that indicates you can send text messages to that person.
This icon appears in Webex App for mobile, when you search in the app with a contact name, on the contact card, and on the call history list. In Webex App for Mac, when you search in the app with a full number.
Known Issues