January 20, 2023 |
1605 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Troubleshoot your Cisco Headset 730
Try these steps if you're having issues with your 730 headset.
First steps to troubleshoot
Try these solutions first if you experience problems with your Cisco Headset 730.
Make sure your headset is fully charged.
Make sure your headset is powered on.
Disconnect other active Bluetooth ® devices.
Increase the volume on your headset or call device.
Download Cisco Headsets to your mobile device and run the available software updates.
Make sure your Cisco Headset USB HD Adapter has the latest firmware.
Erase all Bluetooth connections and reconnect your headset.
Restart your call device.
Connect to a different call device.
Move your headset closer to your desired call device and away from any potential sources of radio interference or obstructions.
Make sure that the Bluetooth drivers on your Windows or Mac device are up to date.
If none of the above solutions work, you can open a TAC case for more assistance. All Cisco Headset 730 headsets come with a one year warranty. To open a TAC case, go to https://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/support/index.html and click Open New Case.
Be sure to have your headset model, serial number, and service contract ready before you contact TAC.
My Bluetooth ® device can't find the headset
Try these steps if your headset doesn't connect with your Bluetooth ® device:
On your call device:
Turn Bluetooth off, then on again.
Delete the headset from the list of Bluetooth devices and pair the headset again.
Reboot your headset.
Reboot your call device.
Make sure that your headset is within 3 feet (1 meter) of your intended device.
Clear all paired devices from the headset and start the pairing process over.
Make sure the Bluetooth drivers on your Windows or Mac device are up to date.
My Cisco Headset 730 shows up twice in my Bluetooth ® device list
Your Cisco Headset 730 shows up in Bluetooth ® device lists as Cisco HS 730, followed by the last three digits of your headset serial number.
After your headset pairs to a Windows 10 device, you will have the option to select between a Stereo and Hands-free (HFP) Bluetooth connection. Make sure you select the Bluetooth profile that best suits your needs. A Stereo Bluetooth connection features richer sound and works best for music and video playback. Hands-free is intended for voice calls. Depending on the calling application you have, you may not be able to hear audio when you select Stereo.

  Occasionally, your Cisco Headset 730 may appear twice in the Windows 10 Bluetooth device list when you first pair your headset. Pair with the Cisco Headset 730 that displays Audio underneath your headset name. Your headset may not properly pair to theCisco Headsets mobile app if you select the other Cisco Headset 730 entry. The incorrect Bluetooth entry usually appears next to this icon .
If you accidentally select the wrong Cisco Headset 730 entry, remove the connection from the Devices menu before you pair your headset again.
My headset can't connect to the Cisco Headsets app
The Cisco Headset 730 uses two different Bluetooth ® standards. Content such as music and voice audio use a traditional Bluetooth connection. The Cisco Headsets app uses Bluetooth Low Energy to communicate with the Cisco Headset 730. Bluetooth Low Energy transmits data back and forth from the headset and uses less battery power than a traditional Bluetooth connection. When you put the headset into pairing mode, the headset attempts to connect to both Bluetooth frequencies. When you connect your headset to your mobile device through the system settings, your device only searches for traditional Bluetooth connections.

  If you have iOS 13 or later, you can connect to both traditional Bluetooth and Bluetooth Low Energy frequencies through the Cisco Headsets app. Android devices or iPhones with iOS 12 or older must connect to the system settings and app separately.
Try these steps if you can't connect your headset to the Cisco Headsets app.
Reboot your headset with the Cisco Headsets app open.
Slide up and hold the Power/Bluetooth switch for two seconds to put your headset into pairing mode and tap Retry in the Cisco Headsets app.
Reboot your mobile device.
Update your headset firmware
You can upgrade your headset firmware through the Cisco Headsets mobile app, Cisco Accessory Hub, Webex, a Cisco IP phone (phone firmware 12.7(1) or later), or on Cisco Jabber (version 12.8 or later). Headset upgrades take about 7–10 minutes to complete.
1
To begin your upgrade, do one of these actions:
Pair your headset to your smart phone, and open the Cisco Headsets mobile app.

  The Cisco Headsets app won't upgrade your headset when the headset battery is low. Make sure your headset is charged before you upgrade.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a Cisco IP phone.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a computer with Cisco Jabber.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a computer with the Webex App.
Connect your headset with the USB-C cable to a computer and go to Cisco Accessory Hub.

  You can also update your USB HD adapter through Cisco Accessory Hub.
2
Follow the on-screen instructions.
The ear pads on your headset are an important part of your experience. They provide comfort, grip, and isolate your headset audio. With time, it's natural for ear pads to wear out, but you can replace them easily.
1
Grip the old ear pad firmly in your hand, press down, and rotate it counterclockwise.
2
Pull the old ear pad away from the speaker.
3
Align the notches on the headset with the pins on the inside of the new ear pad.
4
Place the ear pad on the headset. Be sure that the ear pad pins are flush with the notches on the headset.
5
Grip your headset, firmly press the new ear pad down, and turn clockwise until you hear the pins click into place.
Clean your headset
Periodically, you may need to clean your headset.
1
Wipe the headband and ear cups on your headset with a soft, dry cloth.
2
Optional: If a headset requires additional cleaning, apply a small amount of non-alcohol-based cleaning agent onto a soft, clean, lint-free cloth, and gently wipe down the headset. Avoid using a 70% isopropyl alcohol solution, as it may discolor or cloud the surface and potentially degrade the integrity of the device over time.
If the headset requires disinfection, you may use a 70% isopropyl alcohol solution at your own risk.
Replacement ear pads are available to order on the headsets.

  Don't allow moisture to get inside your ear cups, the USB-C port, or the 3.5 mm jack.
Damage to your Cisco products as a result of cleaning and disinfecting isn't covered under our warranties or product guarantees.