January 21, 2022 |
11285 view(s) |
113 people thought this was helpful
Host a Webex Meeting, Webinar, or Event - quick reference tasks
See basic meeting controls for interacting with attendees when you host a meeting, webinar, or event.
The Webinar, Meeting, or Event window lets you do the following:
Manage all aspects of the meetings.
Enable participants to chat, send video, share information, and interact with each other using documents, presentations, whiteboards, applications, and more.
Enable attendees, panelists, hosts and cohosts to chat with each other in Webex Webinars.

If you are hosting a meeting that includes TelePresence systems, the following Webex features are unavailable:
Polling
File Transfer
Chat (with TelePresence room participants)
Task
Action
Invite people to a meeting in progress
From More options tab, select Invite and Remind , and enter the requested information.
Turn off participant entry and exit beeps and tones
Select Participant > Entry and Exit Tone .

  When using the Webex Audio option, if the Announce Name feature is selected, those joining using the Use computer for audio option don't get the option to record and announce their name.
Mute participant microphones
To mute everyone as they join, select Participant > Mute on Entry .
To mute or unmute everyone but you, select Participant > Mute All.
To allow participants to unmute themselves, select Participant > Allow Attendees to Unmute Themselves
To mute someone specifically, select Participant > Mute or Unmute.
Edit a welcome message
Select Meeting or Event > Welcome Message.

  This is not suppported in Webex Webinars.
Record your meeting
Select Record .

  Pause and resume the recording as necessary, rather than stopping and restarting recording to avoid creating multiple recording files.
Rename a call-in user
Right-click the name in the Participants list and select Rename .
Edit sound alerts
Right-click the Participants title and select Sound Alerts .
Edit the sound that plays when someone enters a chat message
Right-click the Chat title and select Sound Alerts.
Grant or remove privileges (must be current presenter, host, or cohost)
Select Participant > Assign Privileges, and then check or uncheck the appropriate option.
Make someone else the presenter
Drag the Webex sharing icon to the next presenter.
Make someone else the host
Right-click the name or thumbnail and select Change Role to > Host.
Reclaim the host role
Select your name in the Participant list, then select Participant > Reclaim Host Role, and enter the requested information.
Remove a participant from a meeting
Right-click the name in the Participants list and select Expel.
Lock meeting access
Select Meeting > Lock Meeting.

  This option prevents anyone from joining the meeting, including those who were invited but haven't joined yet.
Unlock meeting access
Select Meeting/Event/Webinar > Unlock Meeting/Event/Webinar.
Get information about a meeting in progress
Select Meeting > Information.
Leave a meeting
Select End or leave meeting, webinar, or event > Leave meeting/webinar/event.
End a meeting
Select End or leave meeting, webinar, or event > End meeting, webinar, or event for all.

  If you're a cohost, you can leave or end the meeting, webinar, or event. The application asks you to confirm if you want to end it for everyone.
Send a meeting transcript email
Select File > Send Transcript, enter the requested information, and send the email.

  If you saved them during the meeting, you can also attach:
Shared documents
Chat
Poll questionnaire
Poll results
Public notes or closed captions taken or published during the meeting.
The transcript is sent to all participants who provided their email addresses when joining.
Audio-only participants are not listed on the transcript.