May 19, 2023 |
24360 view(s) |
65 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Installation with Microsoft Intune
As an administrator, you can use the Webex integration with Intune to provision and manage the Webex app from the Microsoft Intune Endpoint Manager.
Overview
Webex supports integration with Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) such Microsoft Intune, a cloud-based service that provides both Mobile Application Management (MAM) and Mobile Device Management (MDM) capabilities.
MAM software allows you to provision, configure and control access to mobile applications deployed in your organization. MDM software allows administrators to monitor, manage and secure corporate mobile devices used in your organization. Webex can be enrolled and managed on personal devices and corporate phones using MAM and MDM applications.
Deployment options
Webex for Intune—Using the Intune SDK, we developed Webex for Intune, which is available from the App Store and Google Play.
The Webex for Intune application ID is ee0f8f6b-011c-4d44-9cac-bb042de0ab18.
Webex Intune allows for the enforcement of app policies, such as on-demand VPN and use of work email. Users download Webex Intune and then the Intune application protection policy controls their access to Webex Intune app and sharing of corporate data.
Device enrolment is optional if you want to deploy Webex Intune; it can be used on managed and unmanaged devices.
EMM with Mobile Device Management—All mobile devices and corporate applications are enrolled in, and managed by the MDM application.
In this deployment model, the administrator adds the Webex Intune application to the Intune app catalogue and assigns it to users or devices (see Add Webex for Android and Add Webex for iOS in this article). The Intune app protection policy applies at the device or profile level. This policy defines a set of rules to control access to Webex Intune and sharing of corporate data.
You can also configure device restrictions to control data sharing from iOS devices.
See Create an application protection policy in this article.
EMM with Mobile Application Management—In this deployment model, the mobile devices are not enrolled in the Intune portal.
Users can download the Webex Intune app directly, from App Store for iOS devices and Google Play for Android devices. The app protection policy applies at the application level. The policy controls application access requirements, like PIN for access, and controls data sharing from Webex Intune.
Another option is to use an app wrapping tool to wrap the Webex app. The wrapped application files allow a MAM application to control how apps can be used on a mobile device. Users can download the wrapped and MAM managed version of the Webex App from the enterprise's own app store or MAM app repository. The application protection policy controls the sharing of corporate data from the wrapped application.
See Create an application protection policy in this article.
Wrapped versions of Webex apps (.IPA files for iOS, and .APK files for Android) are available from the mobile application management program.
Things to keep in mind
Ensure that you have Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center access.
User must have a Webex account.
Ensure that users are created in your Active Directory and that users have been assigned Intune licenses.
If Android devices are enrolled, ensure that they are enrolled in Intune with a Work profile and that they are compliant with your organization's compliance policy.
Add Webex for Android
Add Webex for iOS
Check application installation status
Create app configuration policy

Create an application protection policy
Check application protection policy
Approve user access
Supported policies