August 30, 2022 |
3694 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Dedicated Instance License Usage
In this article
The Dedicated Instance displays the Dedicated Instance usage details by cluster for the associated region of the subscribers.
License Reporting
Use the Dedicated Instance usage report to understand the license usage and to verify if the licenses are used for a particular region.
To understand all the roles in Cisco Webex Control Hub, see Assign Roles in Control Hub.
Customer
Partner
Viewing License Usage Details
To view the license usage details:
Sign in to Cisco Webex Control Hub using your customer credentials at https://admin.webex.com/login.
Click Account from the left navigation under Management, and then click Subscriptions on the top right, to view the Dedicated Instance subscription summary associated with the subscription ID on the Cisco Webex Control Hub.
You can see License usage across all subscriptions.


Multi-Tenant, represent the license usage details of webex calling
Dedicated Instance, represent the license usage details of Dedicated Instance
Click View Dedicated Instance usage details, to view the Dedicated Instance usage details by cluster for the associated region of the subscribers.


The Dedicated Instance Usage by Cluster displays details about the Region, Server, Professional license Usage, Common Area and Speech View license usage by Cluster.

Speech View column is displayed only if you have subscribed for Speech View licenses.
Click Ok, to go back to the subscription summary page.









Dedicated Instance Usage Details
You can also see Dedicated Instance usage details from the Calling page.
The Dedicated Instance service activation status can be viewed under services, Calling > Dedicated Instance > Status.



Speech View column is displayed only if you have subscribed for Speech View licenses.
The Usage by region displays the region configured for license usage.
Table 1. Dedicate Instance Usage Details
Terms
Definition
Region Represents the Dedicated Instance Data Center location where the Dedicate Instance application cluster is installed.
Server The server that is used for Dedicate Instance cluster configuration.
Professional The full-featured tier for employees and contractors who use multiple communication devices, including Teams, as part of their job duties. This tier includes voicemail.
Common Area Hard endpoint not associated to any user including Analog Devices, Conference room, corridor & common area devices consume the common area licenses.
Room Systems
All TP (telepresence endpoints) registering to Dedicated Instance will be accounted under Webex devices.
Speech View
Cisco Speech View converts voice messages to text and delivers the text version of the voice message to your email inbox, allowing you to read your voice messages and take immediate action. This gives the number of Speech View licenses consumed.
Refer to Data Sheets for more information on SpeechView Data Sheet.