August 03, 2023 |
31932 view(s) |
499 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Create and annotate a whiteboard in a space
Sometimes a quick sketch explains an idea better than words. In Webex App you can create a whiteboard and draw on it to share your ideas. As you work, your changes are saved automatically and your whiteboard is added to the list of whiteboards in the space. You can go back to edit it and share it with others.
Using Whiteboards
Get the most from your whiteboarding experience:
You can create whiteboards in a space, anyone in the space can then choose to view or edit them.
You can also use whiteboards in a meeting, you can create or open an existing whiteboard, and then share it on the call so that everyone can view it.
Desktop and Web
iOS
Android
1
Select the space, and click Content. Then select Whiteboard and click New whiteboard.
2
Use the following whiteboard tools:
Selector tool —click the mouse button on an area on the whiteboard, and drag the mouse to select items, and move them on the whiteboard.

  When selected, you can also choose from the following actions: bring to front, send to back, copy, paste, duplicate, and delete.
Drag/Move —hold and drag the mouse button to move around the whiteboard canvas.
Pen tool —hold and drag the mouse button to draw a line with the pen.

  When selected, you can change the thickness and color of the pen.
Magic pen —when you select the pen, click the magic pen to make lines or shapes you add with the pen tool automatically smoother and straighter.
Eraser —hold and drag the mouse button to erase any annotation on the whiteboard.
Stickies —when selected, click on the area you want to add sticky notes. Drag the note to the place you want, and select the color of the sticky note. Click the + button to add another sticky note.
Text —when selected, click on the area you want to add text. You can select the color, format, align, and choose the size of the text from these choices: small, medium, large, x-large.
Shapes —select a shape from the following: circle, square and diamond. When selected, drag the shape to the area you want to add the shape, and resize. You can fill the shape with color. When you right-click the shape, you can choose from the following actions: bring to front, send to back, copy, paste, duplicate, and delete.
3
Use the following whiteboard controls:
Undo —click to undo changes made to the whiteboard.
Redo —click to redo changes made to the whiteboard.
In the minimap located at the bottom right of the whiteboard:
Hide —hides the minimap view. Click again to reopen the minimap.
Zoom to overview —zoom to the width of the area where participants are making edits.
Zoom in/out —controls the view of the entire whiteboard area.

  You can also use keyboard shortcuts to zoom in and out of the whiteboard area:
CTRL +/- for Windows.
CMD +/- for Mac.