November 22, 2022 |
4903 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Enable executive or executive assistant services for a Webex Calling user
In this article
You can turn-on executive or executive assistant services for a Webex Calling user in Control Hub. Users with the executive service enabled select from a pool of assistants who have been assigned the executive assistant service and who can answer, or place calls on their behalf. Executive assistants can set the call forward destination, and join or leave an executive’s pool. Executive and executive assistant settings are managed in the Calling User Portal.
Enable executive or executive assistant services
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users and select the user that you want to enable Executive or Executive Assistant for.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-User Permissions, and turn on Executive Permissions.
3
Choose if you want to enable the user for Executive or Executive Assistant services.

  Executive and executive assistants must have phone numbers, not just extensions, assigned to them.

  Users can update their executive or executive assistant settings in the Calling User Portal. To get to the Calling User Portal, go to https://settings.webex.com and then select Webex Calling. See this article for information on how to update executive and executive assistant services settings in the Calling User Portal.

  You can configure the number of assistants. Assistants can be configured for a number of Executives. Irrespective of the number of assistants, you can only place a number of concurrent calls on behalf of an executive at any time.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to enable executive or executive assistant services for a user in Control Hub.
Shared line setting option
Shared line appearance can be used along with the executive service when the users are within the same location. Configuring shared line appearance with the executive service provides easier use of the feature. For more information about how to configure shared line appearance, see Add and reorder lines for an MPP phone.