January 11, 2019 |
1283 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Access the Event History for Hybrid Services
In Cisco Webex Control Hub, you can access records of events and historical changes that were performed on hybrid service resources in your organization. The retained information in the event history shows statuses, settings, and alarms to help you isolate, debug, and troubleshoot issues, and it can be used for auditing purposes. The records go back as far as 30 days, and you have several ways to filter on the data that's relevant to you.
You get a record of actions that were performed in the organization, either by an administrator or by the system itself. You can also provide the support team with specific technical details if you have a ticket opened.
The event history contains the following types of entries:
Actions on the connector (Created, Updated, Deregistered, Removed)
Actions on a connector cluster (Created, Updated, Deleted)
Actions on a resource group (Created, Updated, Deleted)
Alarms (Raised, Resolved)
Actions on a service (Enable, Disabled)
Other miscellaneous actions (Update of the mail subscription list)
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and then to get a service-level view (including all clusters, nodes, and connectors that are part of a specific hybrid service), click Events from a hybrid services card.
You can also open a cluster, choose a node, and then access events from there, but you'll only see the events for that specific node. We recommend that you open events from the service level so that you can get a full picture of your hybrid deployment and troubleshoot more effectively.
The event history appears for the hybrid service you chose. The default view is history on all clusters for the last 24 hours.
In the event history view, each event is shown by:
The event title
Severity (only applicable to alarm events)
Service
Resource (cluster or connector)
Which admin user performed the action that triggered the event (a person or the connector itself)
Time of the event
2
Use the filters at the top to change the data that appears:
Cluster—Filter on either all clusters for a service or a specific cluster that runs a service.
Node—Filter on either all nodes for one or all clusters, or on a specific node in a cluster.
Services (on selected resource)—Filter on either all services or a single service on the cluster.
Since—Choose an option to filter on how far back in time you want to show data. You can choose Last 24 Hours, Last 48 Hours, Last 7 Days, or Last 30 Days.
The event history view updates and shows the event, severity level, type of event, hybrid service, resource ID, who or what performed the action that produced the event, and a timestamp.
3
Click an event to show more details.
Clicking an event opens the side panel, which then shows the event details:
A description that gives information about what changed or which action was taken, with all the available information sent in the event from the management service.
Technical details such as connector ID and tracking ID; support can use these IDs for further troubleshooting.

  Copy the technical details and provide this information to support when you open a ticket. That way, they have specific information to use if you want them to investigate a certain hybrid event.