September 28, 2021 |
486 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector in Sakai
In this article
Install and set up the Webex Education Connector in Sakai so that teachers and students in your organization can start and attend classes, participate in class discussions, share files, and schedule office hours.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
Use the following steps to install the Webex Education Connector in Sakai 12.x and later.
Before you begin
You need to be a Sakai Administrator and Webex site administrator to complete the installation.
1
From your web browser, go to https://lti.educonnector.io/.
2
Enter the following information:
Full name—Enter your first and last name.
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name. Your site name is the text in your Webex URL before .webex.com. For example, if your site URL is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool.
LMS ...—Select Sakai from the drop-down list.
Sakai Site Domain—Enter the URL of your Sakai site. For example, myschool.sakai.com (exclude https://).
Sakai Site Timezone—Select the time zone of your Sakai site from the drop-down list.
3
Click Next.

  Take note of Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, and Your LTI Registration URL information. You'll need this later.
Configure Your Sakai Site
1
Sign in to Sakai as an administrator.
2
Go to Worksite Setup and select the name of the class that you want to install the Webex Education Connector to.
3
Go to Site Info > Manage Tools and check External Tool.
4
Select Continue.
5
For Customize tool instances, enter a descriptive title for the Webex Education Connector. For example, Webex.
6
Select Continue > Finish.
7
In the left navigation panel, select Webex > Edit and enter the following information:
Remote Tool URL—Enter Your LTI Launch URL that you got in Step 3 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Remote Tool Key—Enter Your Consumer Key from Step 3 in Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Remote Tool Secret—Enter Your Shared Secret from Step 3 in Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Set Button Text—Enter a name that will appear in the navigation.
Releasing Roster Information—Check the following options:
Send Names to External Tool
Send Email Addresses to External Tool
Allow the External Tool to retrieve the course roster
8
Select Update Options.
A page opens where you can set up and use the Webex Education Connector.
9
Go to the Setup tab, select Authorize, and then follow the authorization steps.
Enable Site-Wide Features
1
To enable site-wide features available for instructor configuration, go to the Setup tab and click Go to Admin Console.
2
Choose the options that you want to enable.
3
Click Back to App to return to the Webex Education Connector once complete.