February 04, 2022 |
9550 view(s) |
10 people thought this was helpful
Configure voice portals for Webex Calling in Control Hub
Voice portals provide an interactive voice response (IVR) system so administrators can manage auto attendant anouncements. Users from the location you choose can call in and access their voicemail messages or change their passcode.
When you activate this service, you will receive an email containing your voice portal number. Call this phone number to record your auto attendant greetings. This is also the phone number users at this location call to access their voicemail messages and settings.

The voice portal extension is typically the last four digits of the voice portal telephone number.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services > Calling > Locations and then select the location you want to update.
2
In the Call Settings list, click Voice Portal.
3
Enter a name for the voice portal.
4
Enter a Caller ID First Name and Caller ID Last Name.

  For customers in the Asia-Pacific region, the Caller ID Name field is auto-populated and cannot be modified.
5
Select the audio announcement language for the location in the Language drop-down menu.
6
Under Incoming Call, choose a Phone Number and/or set an Extension number from those numbers configured for the location from the drop-down menu.

  The voicemail number and extension you've assigned for the location appears by default in the drop-down menu.
7
Under Voice Portal Admin Passcode, set the passcode for your location, and then re-enter the passcode to confirm.

  Administrators should only have access to this passcode.

  When a user or administrator dials the voice portal number, the IVR system provides two options:
Enter passcode—The user enters their Voicemail PIN password to access their own mailbox when calling from their own number and/or extension. Entry of the admin passcode for this option will fail to gain access to the voice portal.
Press * to enter mailbox number and passcode—This is for both admin and user access to the voice portal. Administrators can enter the phone number and passcode configured in this procedure to manage auto attendant greetings and mailbox settings. Users can also use this option when calling from a number which is not their assigned number. Users enter their phone number and/or extension, and voicemail PIN to gain access to their voicemail from any number.
8
Click Save to confirm your changes.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to configure your voice portal in Control Hub.