August 01, 2023 |
241070 view(s) |
1112 people thought this was helpful
Webex | Record a meeting on your computer
Record meetings or events on your computer for people who can't attend or for those who want to refer back to what was discussed.
As the host or cohost, you can record meetings on your computer if your site administrator has allowed local recording for your site.

  You can record meetings as a cohost in Webex version 42.11 and later.
Your recordings include the participant audio, video, and anything shared during the meeting.
Recording format
Recordings save to your computer in the MP4 format.

  Recordings don't include the panels, such as the chat panel and participants panel, transcripts, or any files that you share using Share File. You can't choose a recording layout.
Recording location
When you record a meeting to your computer, you can choose where you want to save it, or you can save it to the default path.
For Windows: Recordings save to the Documents folder in My Computer by default.

  Always save recordings to a local folder on your computer. Don't save recordings to a network file location since you can't play back recordings from a network file location.
For Mac: Recordings save to the Home folder by default, which you can access with Finder.
Allow anyone with the presenter role to record (Webex Training)
If your site administrator allows recording in the WRF format (Windows only) for Training, you can let a participant record the training session by making them the presenter. Once you make a participant the presenter, the Recorder icon appears in their session controls. As the host, you can't start a new recording on your computer until you make yourself the presenter again. You can still record in the cloud. If you already started recording on your computer and then make someone else the presenter, the new presenter can start a recording without stopping yours.
Record your meeting
1
Click Record and select the option for your computer.

  Don't see the computer option? The option may be disabled. Contact your Webex site administrator.
If you subscribe to Webex from your Service Provider, please direct questions about this feature to your Provider’s customer support team.

  To include audio in your recording, you must select Computer audio as the audio option. If you connected to audio using a different option, a warning appears, but you can still record without sound.
2
Click Record.
3
(Optional) Click Record, and then choose Pause and Resume to maintain a single recording.

  For meetings or events that last many hours, it's a good idea to make multiple recordings for more manageable file size and easier viewing.
4
Click Stop to end your current recording.
When the meeting or event ends, your recording saves to your computer.