August 11, 2023 |
107780 view(s) |
231 people thought this was helpful
What's new in Webex Calling
We've added a lot of exciting new features in Webex Calling. Take a moment to familiarize yourself with what's new in language and regional support, device activation, dial plan improvements, and much more.
What's new
Coming soon
Announcements
We want to make sure that you know about the major updates made available in Webex Calling.
August
August 11, 2023
Webex Calling Media Quality report
You can now find the media quality metrics of call legs, such as audio jitter, video packet loss, connection used, and more with the Webex Calling Media Quality report.
For details see Calling Media Quality Report section in the Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio and Troubleshoot Webex Calling Media Quality in Control Hub.
New global filters in Detailed Call History analytics
Adding the following global filters to the Detailed Call History section in Calling analytics:
User Name
Email
Endpoint Type
Device Type
For details see Calling Detailed Call History Report section in the Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio.
August 9, 2023
Webex Calling Market Expansion
Webex Calling expands its presence into these countries:
Papua New Guinea
Timor-Leste
Vanuatu
Guyana
Fiji
For more information, visit Where is Webex available?.
Some user settings in Calling User Portal are available in Control Hub
Administrators can configure the following user settings in the Control Hub directly, without cross-launching to the Calling User Portal.
Schedules
Call notify
For details, see Create schedules for call settings and Enable call notification for users.
August 7, 2023
Call Recording on Virtual Lines
Call recording on virtual lines allows you to record calls on virtual lines. All conversations happening on the virtual lines are recorded and saved for later use. With this feature, you can keep a record of important business conversations, monitor customer interactions, and ensure compliance with industry regulations.
For details, see Manage call recording for Webex Calling users.
August 1, 2023
Add Polycom Sound Station IP 5000, 6000 to Webex Calling
Webex Calling now supports adding Polycom Sound Station IP 5000 and 6000 as Cisco Managed device in Control Hub.
For details, see Supported devices for Webex Calling
July
July 31, 2023
Enhancement to Custom Contact Group List
Webex Calling now allows adding location features like Hunt Group to the custom contact group list. The list is visible in the Receptionist Client.
For details, see Webex for developers
July 28, 2023
Webex Calling Market Expansion
Webex Calling expands its presence in Bangladesh.
For more information, visit Where is Webex available?.
July 26, 2023
Improvements to Webex Calling API Documentation Structure
The Webex Calling API documentation is reorganized for developer’s ease of use. Also, added content to inform developers of changes, known issues, and new tools to help in building custom solutions using these APIs.
For details, see Webex for Developers
July 24, 2023
Some user settings in Calling User Portal are available in Control Hub
Administrators can configure the following user settings in the Control Hub directly, without cross-launching to the Calling User Portal.
Do Not Disturb
Anonymous Call Rejection
Calling Time Zone for Users and Workspace
For details, see Turn on do not disturb for users, Prevent users from getting anonymous calls, and Change time zone of user and workspace devices.
July 19, 2023
Call Transfer and Visual Voicemail in Webex Calling for Chrome
As a Webex Calling for Chrome user, you can transfer calls using the consult transfer and blind transfer options. These options enable you to transfer calls to your coworkers or your mobile devices.
Webex Calling for Chrome also offers Visual Voicemail. If voicemail is enabled on the Webex Calling for Chrome client by using message waiting indicator, you can see the voicemail messages that you received. Also, you can listen to your messages or see a transcript of the voicemail anytime from the client.
For details, see Webex Calling for Chrome and Webex Calling for Chrome | Release Notes.
July 17, 2023
Cisco MPP Firmware 12.0.2
The new firmware supports these features:
Hot Desking feature support for 88xx desktop IP Phones.
New soft keys to drop participants from the participant list in the ad-hoc conference functionality.
New soft keys in a Webex meeting to list participants, mute/unmute oneself (88xx only except Cisco 8875)
July 14, 2023
Compliance Call Recording Announcements
Webex Calling now supports playing of "Compliance Announcements" for Call Recording. This can be enabled for inbound calls from PSTN, outbound calls to PSTN, or both. By enabling this feature, Webex Calling plays a compliance message to ensure that the PSTN party is aware that the call may be recorded. When this feature is enabled, it overrides the user-level announcement. When the call is transferred, picked up, or conferenced, the PSTN party doesn’t hear multiple announcements for call recording. The user-level announcement is upgraded to play for PSTN calls only, internal calls only, or both. This change helps customers who do not want announcements for internal calls to minimize the number of announcements played during the call.
For details, see Manage call recording for Webex Calling.
Webex Calling Market Expansion
Webex Calling expands its presence into these countries:
Cambodia
Haiti
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Mongolia
Modify Location Subscription ID
Administrators can now move locations between subscriptions with a Calling License from a suspended subscription to an active one without reaching to the support team.
For details, see Modify Location Subscription for Cisco Calling Plans from Control Hub.
July 10, 2023
New Auto-Attendant Announcement Options
Now Administrators can upload Announcements for use with their Webex Calling Auto-Attendants. Once uploaded, administrators can select the required announcements during the Auto-Attendant configuration in the Control Hub.
For details, see Manage auto attendants in Control Hub
July 7, 2023
API Provisioning: Announcement Repository
Adding support for administrators to create an organization-level pool of announcements and media. For details, see Announcement Repository.
July 3, 2023
Webex Calling Market Expansion
Webex Calling expands its presence in these countries:
Bhutan
Myanmar
Nepal
Webex Calling can now be sold and deployed in these countries:
Angola
Kenya
For more information, visit Where is Webex available?.
June
June 30, 2023
Webex Calling Location Admin
Webex Calling lets you assign location-specific administrators for Webex Calling services. Customer administrators can assign location administrators to manage many location and user features based on the location scope.
For details, see Delegate location administration.
Quality Insights for Webex Calling administrators
Helps administrators to get insights on the quality issues in these scenarios along with the possible resolution:
No media flowing through the calls
Unable to establish media path optimization.
For details, see Troubleshoot Webex Calling Media Quality in Control Hub
June 27, 2023
Webex Calling Hot-desking support for MPP
This feature integrates the calling capabilities into the Webex Hot Desking feature for the MPP devices. An MPP assigned to a Workspace enabled for Hot Desking allows user to acquire this device as their personal device. When Hot-desked, the user's Webex Meetings and Webex Calling features are available on this device. This feature updates the Webex Hot desking feature to provide Meetings and Calling capabilities to MPP devices.
For details, see Configure Hot Desking and Sign in to a shared phone (Hot Desking).
View Agent dashboard for Call Queues
With this feature, an administrator can view all the agents belonging to Call Queues and their status. Administrators can change the Join/Unjoin status of agents from the Call Queue.
For details, see Manage Call Queue Agents.
June 5, 2023
Receptionist Client now supports title and mobile for Webex Calling
The receptionist client now displays the title and mobile number for Active Directory customers (or similar Cloud Directory service).
May
May 24, 2023
Enhanced Survivability for Webex Calling Dedicated Instance
During a network outage, or cloud outage preventing users at the site from connecting to Webex Calling Dedicated Instance, the Enhanced Survivability Node takes the call routing responsibility. Throughout the outage, the Enhanced Survivability Node processes all internal, PSTN, and emergency calls for the users in that branch site which is experiencing the outage.
For details, see Enhanced Survivability for Webex Calling Dedicated Instance.
May 17, 2023
Provisioning API: Device Activation
Adding support for Device activation. This API allows administrators to add or remove Webex Calling Devices to Webex Calling users and places.
For details, see Device Call Settings
May 13, 2023
Webex Calling supports CallCabinet as a Call Recording Provider
Webex Calling supports multiple call recording providers for a single organization. CallCabinet is now a supported call recording provider for Webex Calling. CallCabinet is supported for organizations hosted in the United States. Support for CallCabinet as a call recording provider for other regions is done in phases.
CallCabinet is a cloud-native voice recording solution that offers future-proof regulatory compliance and next-gen conversation analytics with custom business intelligence reporting and quality assurance automation. The next-gen AI powers this solution and uses specialized machine learning algorithms to deliver unparalleled business intelligence in real time. CallCabinet offers unlimited cloud storage space or the option to move the recordings to customer on-premises local storage. Order this recording solution through Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW).
For more information, see Manage call recording for Webex Calling users and Enable Call Recording for an Organization.
May 9, 2023
Anti-Spam for Webex Calling - Block call (User Block)
Webex Calling users and administrators can block Spam, Telemarketer, and Harassment calls from PSTN callers by blocking their numbers. Webex Calling administrators can block numbers from Control Hub. Webex Calling users can block numbers from Webex App and Cisco devices.
For details, see Block Inbound Spam Calls and Webex App | Block calls.
May 3, 2023
Supervisor Filter to view Call Queue Agent Statistics
Administrators can use the Supervisor filter to look at the statistics of agents managed by a specific Supervisor in the Call Queue Agents. Download the filtered data and share with the Supervisor.
For details, see Analytics for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio.
May 2, 2023
Optimize Bulk CSV Requests
Optimizing the CSV export and import feature, to support updating individual fields for users across a location or organization.
For details, see Manage User Calling Data.
Hot Desking for Calling on MPP and RoomOS devices
Supports Hot Desking feature for Webex Calling on the MPP and RoomOS devices.
For details, see Webex Calling feature support matrix
Support for Announcement Repository
Administrators can now create an organization-level pool of announcements. You can later make these announcements available to Webex Calling services, such as:
Auto attendant greetings
Call Queue greetings
Music on Hold
End-user announcements such as voicemail
For details, see Manage Announcement Repository.
Support for Bring your own keys (BYOK) and Hybrid Data Security (HDS) in Webex Calling
The BYOK and HDS features are now available to secure Webex Calling user data including Voicemails, Voicemail Transcripts, and Fax messages. To enable these advanced security features, you require the Pro Pack for Control Hub add-in and administrator configuration. Without the BYOK and HDS configuration (or Pro Pack), you can secure user data with Cisco keys. The Webex Key Management System (KMS) manages the Cisco keys to enhance the security and privacy of Webex, by default.
For details, see Manage your own customer main key and Webex Hybrid Data Security.
April
April 29, 2023
UC Profile and Call Behavior are now part of the Calling template
The Calling Behavior and UC Profile settings are now configurable at the group template, allowing to configure on-premise call settings across groups within an organization.
Note: The Calling Behavior and UC Profile settings are added to the group template, and removed from the Bulk CSV. Download a new CSV (without these fields) to avoid encountering an error.
For details, see Set up calling behavior and Add multiple users in Control Hub with the CSV template.
Extensions are now viewable in the user contact card
With this feature, enterprise users can see the assigned extension for all calling users in the system. Previously there were some cases where the extension didn’t appear.
For details, see Set calling options for Webex App users.
April 28, 2023
Support Hoteling host for users and Call Forward Always for workspaces
You can now enable Hoteling Hosts on the Webex Calling Professional License. This feature also supports enabling workspaces to have Call Forward Always set in the Control Hub and on the device.
For details, see Hoteling in Control Hub and Configure call forwarding for users and workspaces.
April 27, 2023
Ability to restore Webex Calling service when deleted
If the administrators erroneously remove calling licenses for a user, the administrator can reassign the licensing within 10 days to establish existing services. If the administrator erroneously removes the entire calling subscription, the administrator has 10 days to restore service before permanently removing all calling configurations.
For details, see Restore Canceled Subscription.
April 26, 2023
Enable Autoanswer option for the Receptionist client
The receptionist client now supports the autoanswer capability. This feature allows the receptionist client to turn the autoanswer option to on or off for outbound and inbound calls. This feature is currently available in the United States and Canada.
For details, see Get started with your Receptionist Client.
April 17, 2023
Support Hebrew prompts in Webex Calling
Hebrew language support allow customers in Israel and the users calling them to have a localized experience.
For details, see Languages Webex supports.
April 16, 2023
Enhanced feature support for Poly and Yealink devices
Adds the following feature support to Poly devices, which are already certified for Webex Calling:
Hoteling
N-Way Calling
Executive and Executive Assistant
Call Recording
Call Queue
Local device Speed Dials
For details, see Poly and Yealink support on Webex Calling
April 11, 2023
Support for Webex Calling API
You can now access the Webex Calling APIs using Service Apps. To start using the Service Apps, see Using Webex Service Apps.
April 4, 2023
Webex Calling supports multiple Call Recording Providers
Webex Calling supports multiple call recording providers for a single organization. Imagicle is now a supported call recording provider for Webex Calling. Imagicle is supported in the United States. Support for Imagicle as a call recording provider for other regions is done in phases.
Imagicle is a cloud-based voice recording solution that offers compliant voice recording with analytics transcriptions, and sentiment analysis. Imagicle offers unlimited storage space on Imagicle Cloud or the optional ability to move the recordings to customer on-premises local storage. To order the Imagicle call recording licenses, use the Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW). Administrators can now select the call recording provider at the organization level or choose a call recording provider for a specific location.
For more information, see Manage call recording for Webex Calling users and Enable Call Recording for an Organization
March
March 31, 2023
Webex Calling for Chrome
This edition offers full functionality and support for the features that were available in the Preview Release.
For details, see Webex Calling for Chrome | Release Notes and Webex Calling for Chrome.
March 22, 2023
Webex Calling Hot Desking support for 8875
This feature integrates the Calling capabilities into the Webex Hot Desking feature for the MPP 8875 devices. An MPP 8875 assigned to a Workspace enabled for Hot Desking allows user to acquire this device as their personal device. When Hot desked, the user's Webex Meetings and Webex Calling features are available on this device.
For more details, see Configure Hot Desking and Use a shared desk phone (Hot Desking).
March 21, 2023
Supporting Unified Call History on MPP devices for Workspaces
Currently all MPP devices use Webex Call History, but Workspaces with MPP can’t access Webex Call History. MPP devices must recognize when they are assigned to Workspace instances and use local call history.
For more details, see Webex Features available on Cisco MPP devices
March 17, 2023
Webex Meetings Integration on MPP 8800 Series
This feature integrates the MPP 8800 series phones with Webex Meetings capabilities. Introducing these Webex Meetings features on MPP:
Ability to join Webex Meeting via MPP by clicking on meeting join button.
Ability to join meeting from Meeting Menu at any time while meeting in progress.
Disable telephony functions like hold, conference, and transfer while in a meeting.
Ability to view participants in the meeting.
For more information, see Cisco Video Phone 8875.
March 5, 2023
Location filtering for Devices in Control Hub
This feature significantly improves administrative experience for Webex Calling. It allows filtering the Devices tab by Webex Calling Location.
March 2, 2023
Multi line Support in Webex Calling using Virtual Lines
In today’s multitasking environment, power users like contact center agents may need to communicate on multiple lines. Multi line support on Webex Calling enables users to place and receive calls with different numbers, allowing users to manage their day efficiently. Users can see all the lines assigned to their devices in one place. Configure Call settings for each line, for example each line can have its unique caller-ID and voicemail with message waiting indication. Virtual lines enable Webex Calling administrators to create lines without requiring a license and user ID or email address. You can assign these lines to the user's devices and Webex App as multiline feature.
For more information, see Multi line support in Webex Calling using virtual lines.
Enable configuration of Multi line across Webex Calling locations
Webex Calling administrators can configure shared lines and virtual lines on the user’s devices and the Webex App for locations different than the user’s home location. When a call is placed by selecting the line, the call is routed from the PSTN connection to the location where the number belongs.
For more information, see Configuration of shared lines and virtual lines across locations
Webex Calling supports Virtual Extension Ranges
Virtual Extension Ranges simplifies the configuration to integrate with third-party telephony systems. It enables an option to define the mapping with a range of numbers, and prefix and route the numbers to the PSTN associated with the location.
For more information, see Virtual Extension Configuration in Control Hub.
February
February 28, 2023
Webex Concept of Locations
Webex is introducing a new organizational concept of location that works across Webex services. Webex administrators can assign users and workspaces to locations and use these locations to organize their overall organization. For specific Webex services, they can use locations to associate specific settings. This feature is rolled out in phases for different regions.
Enhance the Webex Calling CDR with additional fields
The Detailed Call Records report in the Control Hub now has new fields. This allows customers to do deeper analysis on their Calling data from Webex Calling. It also allows third parties to enhance their Webex Calling analytics and reporting integrations.
Here’s a list of new field added:
Dialed Digits
Releasing Party
Redirecting Number
Location or Site UUID
Department UUID
Transfer-Related Call ID
Authorization Code
For details, see Reports for Your Cloud Collaboration Portfolio
February 21, 2023
Site survivability for Webex Calling
This feature ensures that your business is always reachable, even if your network connection to Webex breaks. Site survivability employs a router in your local network as a Survivability Gateway, with the ability to provide a fallback calling service to on-site endpoints. Even if your network connection prevents you from reaching Webex, on-site endpoints can still make and receive calls through the Survivability Gateway.
This feature can colocate with Unified SRST for Unified Communications Manager. Endpoints from both systems can register to the same gateway, can call each other, and can use a common PSTN trunk during an outage.
For more information, see Site Survivability for Webex Calling.
February 9, 2023
Provisioning CSV: Call Park
Adding support for Call Park through CSV from Control Hub. This feature is available to partners and customers.
For more information, see Call Park in Control Hub.
February 2, 2023
Directory Service Support for Dedicated Instance
This feature allows you to synchronize and manage users from cloud into on-premises or cloud UC infrastructure like Cisco Unified Communications Manager and Cisco Unity Connection with the Webex Calling Dedicated Instance Directory Service. During synchronization, the system imports a list of users and associated user data from the Azure Active Directory (or a similar Cloud Directory service) into the Webex Identity Service.
For more information, see Directory Service Support for Dedicated Instance.
January
January 31, 2023
Receptionist Client now supports creation of custom groups through API
A new set of APIs allow the creation of custom groups that the Receptionist Client can use to quickly process and manage calls for your organization.
For more information, see here.
User Sync from Control Hub to Dedicated Instance (South-bound sync)
This feature provides the following:
Support for Cloud-based LDAP integration (Azure) for Control Hub
Users who are synced from on-prem AD to Control Hub through Directory Sync or from Cloud LDAP, can be synced to Dedicated Instance.
January 30, 2023
Webex Call Integration with Microsoft Teams for Dedicated Instance
Seamlessly place Dedicated Instance calls within Microsoft Teams without interrupting your workflow or switching between applications.
For more information, see Webex Call Integration with Microsoft Teams for Dedicated Instance.
January 27, 2023
Anti-Spam mitigation: Block Inbound Calls
Webex Calling administrators can use Control Hub to block Spam, Telemarketer, and Harassment calls from PSTN callers.
For more information, see Setup Call Block List.
January 23, 2023
Webex Gateway Management through Control Hub
This feature provides a simplified process for onboarding and managing Cisco IOS XE gateways from the Control Hub. The gateway management connector maintains a connection between Control Hub and the gateway, letting you monitor gateway status and perform maintenance tasks from Control Hub. This feature provides the following benefits:
Simplified provisioning of gateway services
Simplified gateway maintenance from the Control Hub interface
Reduced dependence on Cisco TAC
For more information, see Enroll Cisco IOS Managed Gateways to Webex Cloud, Assign Services to Managed Gateways, and Validate Cisco Local Gateway Configuration through Control Hub.
January 19, 2023
Call Bridging for users on shared line appearance
Users on shared call appearance can bridge into an active call that is on the same shared line appearance. Users on the MPP device can use a programmable softkey to bridge into a call from the shared line appearance. On the Webex App, users can use the Feature Activation code (FAC) to bridge into the call.
For more information, see Shared line appearance for Webex App, Set up your Webex Calling features, and Shared Lines on Your Multiplatform Desk Phone.
January 17, 2023
Call Park Feature Experience Improvements in Webex Calling
Enhancements to the Call Park feature allow administrators to add Call Park Extensions as park destinations in a Call Park Group. This feature simplifies the Call Park experience as users don’t have to remember the Call Park Extension to park a call. They can use the Group Park option on both desk phones and the Webex App to park the call.
For more information, see Call Park in Control Hub.
January 12, 2023
Ad hoc Conferencing (3-Way Calling) Enhancements
Webex Calling administrators can define ad hoc conferencing behavior when the conference host leaves the conference. On enabling this setting, the conference continues when the host drops out of the conference, leaving other participants. On disabling this setting, the conference drops when the host leaves.
For more information, see Control termination of Ad hoc conference.
January 8, 2023
Support Don’t Disturb Synchronization (DND) in Dedicated Instance
If you need time to focus on a task or need time away from work, enable DND from either the Webex App, or the phone to pause Calling and Messaging notifications. When a user enables DND on the phone, this state integrates with the Webex App of the user. Hence this option pauses call and message notifications. When ready, the user can disable DND from either the Webex App or the phone. On disabling the DND option, call and messaging notifications resume on all the devices.
2022




2021

2020

2019