January 20, 2023 |
16042 view(s) |
47 people thought this was helpful
Select video settings for Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
When you join a meeting or webinar, your video settings are organized into a single preferences menu, making it easy for you to set advanced video options to improve performance and video quality. This menu is available on 41.10 and later sites.
Windows
Mac
1
In a meeting, click Show Menu Bar and then click Meeting.
2
From the Meeting drop-down, click Meeting settings.
3
Click Video and then check check box next to the setting you want.

  Some check boxes are checked by default and can't be adjusted.
Change virtual background—Limit distractions and maintain privacy in your current surroundings by using a virtual background. You can blur your background, change your background, or add a background image. For more information on virtual backgrounds, see Use a virtual background in the Webex meetings suite.
Mirror my video— In mirror view, when you look at your self-view video, your video appears as if you were looking at your reflection in a mirror. For more information on mirroring your video, see Turn off mirror view in your self-view video in Webex meetings

  This is only for your self-view. Your video appears normal to the other meeting participants.
Zoom to fit—Fits your video to the screen. By selecting this option, Webex zooms the camera to fill the screen completely.
Adjust camera brightness—Improves the visibility of content captured by your camera.
Automatic—Webex monitors and makes adjustments based on how close you are to the camera and your current lighting conditions.
Manual—To adjust the brightness level yourself, use the Brightness slider.
Camera resolution—Change the maximum camera video resolution. You can select one of the following resolutions:
360p
720p
1080p

  Your account has to be enabled with the 1080p video resolution capability to see that option in the drop-down menu.
On mobile, you can choose between 720p and 1080p video resolution.
4
Click Advanced Settings.
Allow hardware acceleration for video—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading video processing to a supported graphics processing unit (GPU).

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
Allow hardware accleration for sharing content—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading processing for content sharing to a supported GPU.

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
Enable GPU acceleration for virtual background—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading virtual background processing to a supported GPU.

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
Video capture—The Microsoft Framework supports camera capture and video rendering. Select an option from the list:
Auto—Auto (default) selects the fastest framework available.
To override the automatic option and avoid compatibility issues with the system camera or display hardware, select Microsoft Media Foundation or Microsoft DirectShow.
5
For video statistics, click Statistics, and then click Video.
Video codec—Shrinks media files to save device space.
Video connection ports—displays your video connections.
Bandwidth
The maximum rate of data transfer.
Latency
The speed of data transfer from one point to another.

  This should be as close to zero as possible.
Jitter
When the rate of data transfer changes.
Packet loss
The amount of information you lose from a connection.

  This can cause performance issues.
Video resolution
Determines the amount of detail in your video.
Frames per second
A unit that measures display device performance in video captures.
Send
Recieve
Two way communication of sending data back and forth.

  The Overall tab displays memory utilization and CPU usage.