January 20, 2023 |
14999 view(s) |
21 people thought this was helpful
Prevent people from sharing files
You can control how people share files with Pro Pack for Control Hub.
Prevent people from sharing files in your spaces
With Pro Pack for Control Hub, you can prevent people from sharing files in your organization's spaces:
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Services > Messaging.
2
Scroll to Collaboration Restrictions and then:
Block file preview and download for:
Internal users in externally-owned spaces (both group and direct message)—Check the box if you want to prevent internal users from previewing or downloading files in the externally-owned spaces.
External users in internally-owned spaces—Check the box if you want to prevent people from outside your organization from previewing or downloading files from spaces you own. The default is that external users may download or preview files.
This restriction does not apply in one-to-one spaces with external users.
Any users on these client types—Check the box, then choose which client types can preview and download files. The default is no restrictions.
Block file upload for:
Internal users in externally-owned spaces (both group and direct message)—Check the box if you want to prevent internal users from uploading files in externally-owned spaces.
External users in internally-owned spaces—Check the box if you want to prevent people from outside your organization from uploading files to spaces you own. The default is that external users may upload files.
This restriction does not apply in one-to-one spaces with external users.
Any users on these client types—Check the box, then choose which client types can upload files. The default is no restrictions.
Allow file preview, download, and upload for Whiteboards and Annotations—Disable this if you want to apply your restrictions to whiteboards and annotations. These can be shared by default.

  For information on how to find out who owns the space, see Webex App space policy.
Restrict file sharing by file type
Before you begin
These controls require Pro Pack for Control Hub.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com and open the Services > Messaging page.
2
Find File type restriction and check Allow upload and download for specific file types.
(If you clear this box, then users can share all file types in spaces.)
3
Enter a comma separated list of file extensions, then click Allow.
For example, enter jpg,txt,png,doc and click Allow. You see these file types added to the allow list that shows below the text field. Users cannot share files with extensions that are not on the allow list. You can also Clear All if you need to change the allow list.

  Supported file types include: .doc, .docx, .csv, .key, .ppt, .pptx, .gif, .jpeg, .jpg, .pdf, .xls, .xlsx, .mp3, .mp4, .mov, .mpg, and .wmv. Folders and .tif files aren't supported at the moment.
Prevent groups in your organization from sharing files
With Pro Pack for Control Hub, you can prevent people in specific Active Directory groups from sharing files.
Before you begin
You must be synchronizing your Active Directory groups.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Users > Groups.
2
Select a group from the list.
This opens the group's settings.
3
Configure this group's file sharing policy:
Block file preview and download on these clients types—Use the dropdown to choose which client types can preview and download files. The default is no restrictions.
Block file upload on these client types—Use the dropdown to choose which client types can upload files. The default is no restrictions.
Allow file preview, download, and upload for Whiteboards and Annotations—Enable this if you want your restrictions to also apply to whiteboard and annotations. This is on by default.
If a user is a member of multiple groups and any of these collaboration restriction settings is selected in one or more groups, then that restriction applies to the user.
Prevent people from sharing files outside your corporate network
With Pro Pack for Control Hub, you can include the IP ranges for your organization's network and ensure that people can't share files in Webex App, when people are not on the corporate network.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Organization Settings.
2
Scroll to Network location > Define your network and enter your IP ranges or addresses. Use commas to separate multiple ranges.
You can define your trusted network(s) here. It helps prevent data loss and strengthens your organization's security and compliance policies.

  You must ensure that you enter your external internet IP ranges or addresses that you want to allow for file sharing.
3
Go to Services > Messaging > Collaboration Restrictions.
4
Turn on Restrict external file sharing.
This setting blocks file sharing outside your trusted network, which you created in Define your network.
It also allows you to download meeting recordings via APIs only through your trusted network(s). To enable this feature, contact Cisco support.
IP range or address-based restrictions only apply to file upload, preview, download and to whiteboards and annotations.
IP range or address-based restriction does not apply to sharing animated GIFs and previews for shared links.
Prevent people in your organization from uploading large files
With Pro Pack for Control Hub, you can set a limit on the maximum file size that users can upload to your Webex spaces. This feature helps you to comply with your organization's file sharing policy.
1
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com, and go to Services > Messaging.
2
Scroll to find the Collaboration Restrictions
3
Enter a value (in MB) for your File upload size restriction and save your changes.
2048 MB (2 GB) is the maximum possible file size, and is also the default upload limit. You can reduce it to any value in the range from 1 to 2048 MB.
Your users, and also guests in your organization's spaces, are prevented from uploading files that are larger than this value.