June 07, 2023 |
7539 view(s) |
10 people thought this was helpful
Enable security settings for mobile versions of Webex App
With Pro Pack for Control Hub, you can enable security settings for the mobile versions of the Webex App. You can prevent users from seeing message previews on the lock screen, and from using unmanaged apps.
1
Sign in to https://admin.webex.com, and open the Messaging page.
2
Scroll to Mobile Application Security and choose from the security options:
Disable message preview on mobile device's lock screen—When you disable message preview in Control Hub, users won't see the content of the message on their mobile device’s lock screen. However, they can choose to see the name of the sender/space on the new message notification.
When you enable the message preview in Control Hub, users will see the message notification based on their preference.
The following table details various message preview settings available for users, and how a new message notification is displayed when message preview is disabled/enabled in Control Hub.
User’s setting on Webex mobile app New message notification on the mobile screen
Message preview is disabled Message preview is enabled
Always show preview
User sees the name of the sender/space on the notification.
User sees the name of the sender/space and message preview on the notification.
Never show preview
User won’t see any details of the message on the notification.
User won’t see any details of the message on the notification.
Show preview when unlocked
User sees the name of sender/space on the notification, only when the mobile device is unlocked.
User sees the name of sender/space and message preview on the notification, only when the mobile device is unlocked.
Disable the use of unmanaged app—When disabled, users are required to use a corporate managed version of Webex. They won't be able to use unmanaged Webex apps.

  If you use this setting, you must also sign in to your Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) console to configure the following App Config parameters for both iOS and Android versions. This App Config parameter allows Webex services to detect that the Webex App is managed by EMM, and to block access on unmanaged devices.
Configuration Key
Value Type
Configuration Value
orgIdentifier
String
Your organization ID is available in Control Hub:
Select Management > Account and then get the value from Organization ID.
See Webex App | Secure mobile devices and the corresponding MDM document to configure the App Config parameter.

  Webex Intune is considered to be a managed app, and no app config key is required.