March 02, 2023 |
3698 view(s) |
6 people thought this was helpful
Shared line appearance for Webex App
In this article
Shared line feature is about assigning one phone number to multiple devices. This allows calls made to that phone number to be answered by multiple devices. Answered calls can be handed off to other devices sharing the same phone number.
Overview
Shared line appearance is the ability to provision other users' lines as shared lines on the end-user device. This specific feature allows you to assign and manage shared line appearances to the end user's Webex App in Control Hub. The shared line configuration for the Webex App is similar to the shared line configuration for the Multiplatform Phones (MPP) in Control Hub. The end users can access the shared lines through the desktop version of the Webex App.
Benefits
Users can handle calls on other user's extension directly from the Webex App.
Users can manage multiple shared lines efficiently using multi call window (supported on Windows) in Webex App.
Users can use all the midcall features such as hold and call transfer for the shared line similar to the primary line.
Configure shared line appearance
Before you begin
See to the known limitations before configuring the shared line appearance for Webex App.

You can assign numbers from different Webex Calling locations to Webex App on desktop in a different location. For example, a number (user or virtual line) from the UK location can be assigned to a Webex App on desktop that is assigned to a user in the US location.
For more information on shared line across locations, see Configuration of shared lines and virtual lines across locations.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Management in the left navigation and click Users.
2
Select the user that you want to assign the shared line for and click Calling.
3
Go to User call experience and click Application line assignment.
4
Go to Shared Line Appearance on Webex App and click Configure Webex App Lines.

  The Configure Webex App Lines option is clickable only if you've checked the Desktop check box under the Webex application assignments, as the shared line supports only the desktop version of a Webex App.
For more information on application ringing and assignments, see: Manage application services for a Webex Calling user.
5
To add a shared line appearance, click the icon.

  Add the lines in the order in which you want them to appear on the user's Webex App. The primary line of the user is always the first line and you can't change its order.
6
Enter the name or phone number and select from the options that appear.

  Only users who haven’t exceeded the maximum number of shared lines as per their license appears as assignable users to a Webex App shared line. For more information to add and assign the device to a user, see: Add and assign phones to a user in Control Hub.
If a user has numbers from other users/groups configured on their Webex App, you can add a custom label for the shared line. This custom label helps the user to identify one shared line appearance from the other.
7
From the drop-down list, select the option needed:
Decline on all devices: Stops the call from ringing on all user’s devices for that line.
Silence on this device: Stops the call from ringing only on that device for that line.

  For more information on call decline settings, see: Decline a ringing call on all devices for a user.
To remove a shared line, click the icon. You can't remove the primary user on line 1.
8
Click Save.
Once you've added, removed, or changed a shared line, the Webex App detects the update and the users will get the notification on Webex App to restart for the changes to be applied.
Once the shared line is configured, call bridge can be invoked by using the FAC for call bridge.
Limitations
Here are some known limitations of shared line appearance:
You can configure shared line appearance only for the desktop version of a Webex App.
You can add a maximum of 10 lines including the primary line to Webex App.
You can add additional lines to a workspace phone, but can’t add a workspace phone as a shared line.