September 28, 2021 |
1497 view(s) |
1 people thought this was helpful
Install the Webex Education Connector in Brightspace by D2L
In this article
Install and set up the Webex Education Connector in Brightspace by D2L so that teachers and students in your organization can start and attend classes, participate in class discussions, share files, and schedule office hours.
Install the Webex Education Connector
Before you can install the Webex Education Connector, you first must Configure Your Webex Site for Webex Education Connector.
1
Sign in to D2L with your administrator account and click the Admin Tools gear icon in the upper right-hand corner.
2
In the Organization Related section, select Manage Extensibility, click the OAuth 2.0 tab and click Register an app.
3
Enter the following information in the fields provided:
Application Name—Enter Webex.
Redirect URI—Enter https://lti.educonnector.io/lms_accesses/callback.
Scope—Enter core:*:* grades:gradeobjects:write grades:gradeobjects:read grades:gradevalues:write.
Access Token Lifetime (seconds)—Enter 3600.
4
Check the following options:
Prompt for user consent
Enable refresh tokens
I accept the Non-Commercial Developer Agreement
5
Select Register.

  Take note of the Client ID and Client Secret. You will need these later.
Configure the Webex Education Connector
1
Open a new tab in your browser. Go to: https://lti.educonnector.io/ and enter the following information:
Full name—Enter your first and last name.
Email—Enter your administrator email address.
Institution—Enter the name of your institution.
Webex site—Enter your Webex site name.
Your site name is the text in your Webex address before .webex.com. If your site address is https://myschool.webex.com/, enter myschool.
LMS —Select D2L from the drop-down.
D2L Site Domain—Enter the address of your D2L site.
For example, if your site address is https://myschool.brightspace.com, enter myschool.
D2L Developer ID—Enter the Client ID from Step 5 of Install the Webex Education Connector.
D2L Developer Key—Enter the Client Secret from Step 5 of Install the Webex Education Connector.
D2L Site Timezone—Set your time zone.
2
Select Next.

  Take note of the values for Your Consumer Key, Your Shared Secret, and Your LTI Launch URL. You need these for later.
Configure Your Brightspace by D2L Site
1
In D2L, go to the course where you want to use the Webex Education Connector and click the Admin Tools Gear icon in the upper right-hand corner.
2
In the Organization Related section click External Learning Tools.
3
Click New Link and enter the following information:
Title—Enter Webex.
URL—Enter https://lti.educonnector.io/launches.
Visibility—Select Allow users to view this link.
Signature—Select the following options:
Sign messages with key/secret
Link key/secret
Key—Enter Your Consumer Key from Step 2 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Secret—Enter Your Shared Secret from Step 2 of Configure the Webex Education Connector.
Security Settings—Select Use link security settings and check all of the security settings options.
Make link available to—Check Current Org Unit.
4
Click Add Org Units, select all units that you want to make Webex Education Connector enablement available for, and then click Insert.
5
Select Save and Close.
The Webex Education Connector now appears on the list under Manage External Learning Tool Links.
Add and Authorize the Webex Education Connector
1
In D2L, navigate to a course and select Content.
2
Click Add a module and enter a name.
3
Click Existing Activities > Select External Learning Tool.
4
Select the name of the LTI tool that you set in Configure Your Brightspace by D2L Site.
5
Click the tool name to open the Webex Education Connector.
6
From the Setup tab, scroll to the Authorize with LMS section, click Authorize and follow the on-screen instructions.
7
To define the site-wide features for instructor configuration, click Go to Admin Console from the Setup tab and select the features.