June 08, 2023 |
43453 view(s) |
26 people thought this was helpful
Known issues for Webex Calling
We're constantly working to improve your experience with Webex Calling. If you're experiencing an issue with this product, including the calling admin or user portals, check to see if it's something that we already know about and have a recommended workaround.
Control Hub
If you update the first and last name field for a user in Control Hub, through a CSV or API, and leave the first name or last name blank, then the name saves in Control Hub. However, the name appears in the Cisco IP phones with a period (".") in the first name and the last name fields.
When you update a user's first name or last name in Control Hub, the update isn't made in the corresponding Caller ID fields.
Workaround: Change the user's name in Control Hub and then update the Caller ID First Name and Last Name in Control Hub.
When you create a location and assign a number that's already in use, the location still gets created but shows as unconfigured in Control Hub.
You can enter special characters in the First Name and Last Name fields for the Caller ID feature in Control Hub but those characters are normalized and removed from the phone display screen when that user makes a call.
Don’t use zero as the access code for Webex Calling. Zero overlaps with national and international dialing prefixes. Calls made with the Webex Calling application or Webex Calling devices fail, if zero is used as the access code.
If you add a workspace and don’t add a Webex Room Device, then the option to add a desk phone doesn’t appear.
Workaround: Recreate the workspace and associate the desk phone device.
Emergency Callback Number
In Control Hub, you can deactivate a user or workspace. However, the deactivation feature isn’t currently functioning. When deactivating a user or workspace, if the user or workspace is actively used as the Emergency Callback Number (ECBN), a message appears to warn the administrator. Currently, you can ignore this warning since the deactivation doesn’t actually occur.
When the Assigned Number from User’s Location is selected, the Emergency Callback Number (ECBN) selects a fallback destination. The displayed name and number in the drop-down is the effective user. It’s not the originally configured user. This limitation is cosmetic, but misleading, and will be resolved.
Bulk delete phone numbers
If attempting to delete the bulk range of numbers, Control Hub prompts to delete the entire range if only one record of that range is selected. If more than one number in that range is selected, then the bulk delete of this number range fails.
Webex Calling analytics
Analog telephone adapters (ATAs) and DECT devices aren’t supported.
Devices that register through IPv6 or a VPN termination to Webex Calling are also unsupported.
Business Texting
Few numbers may not have texting capability (carrier limitation), so the customer must contact TAC to investigate it further.
All the pending port orders before General Availability for business texting won’t have automatic texting capability when porting completes. Contact TAC, if you have issues. The backend team can run an audit script for each customer to fix the issue.
For outgoing messages, there's a limitation of six messages per minute from each number. Delay in delivery of the messages can be one of the cause for slowness.
Bulk Provision for business texting isn’t working accurately. Provision business texting at the user or organization level, to enable bulk provisioning.
Duplicate calling location names
The new location centralization feature provides a unified view of locations across calling and workspaces. Existing workspace locations and calling locations are migrated to a single location for both workspaces and calling. This feature may introduce several duplicate names of locations.
There’s no functional impact for this issue. For example, the admin might see Location1 and Location1-CALL in the list of locations.
Workaround
You can’t bulk-delete the duplicate locations. A CSV capability will be introduced shortly.
Calling User Portal
When Don’t Disturb is enabled from the Calling User Portal, callers hear the busy treatment. Currently, in the portal, the description says that it sends callers to voicemail, when enabled. To send callers to voicemail, enable When busy in the Voicemail Settings of the Calling User Portal.
Local Gateway configuration
The Fax-to-Email feature in Webex Calling requires the T.38 protocol when used through the local gateway (CUBE) for instance FAX to Personal Fax number > PSTN > CUBE > Webex Calling SBC > EMAIL. In this case, the media transmission won't be encrypted. Therefore, enable the T.38 protocol at your own discretion.
Webex Calling devices
Busy Lamp Field (BLF) doesn't display in secondary devices (shared call appearance). Currently, BLF is only showing for primary devices.
When deactivating a user, Calling services are unavailable for the Webex App. Cisco MPP phones continue to support Calling until you either remove the device or enable call intercept for that user. For more information about the call intercept, see Configure Call Intercept for a User for Webex Calling in Cisco Control Hub.
ATA 191/192 -While onboarding Cisco ATA 191/192 devices, you may experience a problem when attempting a remote firmware upgrade on the ATA with an older firmware version. To resolve the issue, manually upgrade the firmware on your Cisco ATA 191/192.
Workaround: Go to Administration > Firmware Upgrade. Unzip the file. Select the unzipped file to upgrade it. Download the firmware from here. After downloading the firmware, point the ATA to https://cisco.sipflash.com/.
Your MPP device can’t access any Active Directory (AD) that was synchronized by the Cisco Directory Connector. From the Custom Directory menu, your MPP phone can only access users that were assigned Webex Calling licenses.
When applying an MPP Line Key Template to a phone, the Virtual Lines assigned to the device may not appear after Apply Changes even though the template includes several Configure Lines positions on line keys. However, switching the phone back to Default Layout mode results in applying the Virtual Lines as expected.
Webex Carrier users
Currently, Webex Calling and Webex Carrier share a common identity across systems that doesn't allow provisioning the same user in both environments. Any Webex Calling customer with an email address identifier for Webex Carrier can't on board to Webex Calling with the same email address identifier.