May 09, 2023 |
180386 view(s) |
4109 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Schedule a meeting from the meetings calendar
Schedule a meeting from the Meetings calendar when you want to schedule a one-time meeting link or a personal room meeting. You can also make sure that your meetings are end-to-end encrypted.
You or anyone you assign as a cohost can start the meeting, invite people to it, start breakout sessions, record the meeting, and share the recording.
End-to-end encryption for Webex App meetings
Scheduled meetings support end-to-end encryption. For more information on how to encrypt all your meetings by default, see Webex App | Set end-to-end encryption for meetings.
Desktop
iOS
Android
Web
Before you begin

  For FedRAMP users, when Hybrid Calendar or O365 isn't configured in Webex App, the only meetings that appear in the calendar are those meetings that are within the FedRAMP boundary (FedRAMP - FedRAMP).
Choose the scheduler that you prefer, to schedule meetings.
1
Go to Meetings.
2
Click Schedule a meeting, and then enter your meeting info:

  If you don't see Schedule a meeting, your account isn’t set up to host meetings. You can schedule a meeting from a space instead.
Edit the meeting topic.
Choose a Start and End date and time.
Check Recurrence and choose the meeting frequency.
Select a Meeting link, choose from:
Generate a one-time meeting link
Use my Personal Room link
Enter a description to include in the email invitation if your administrator has set up your account with Cisco Webex Hybrid Calendar Service.
3
Add Invitees, enter names or email addresses.
When your account is set up with Hybrid Calendar , you see icons beside each person's name to show their availability.
Available
Unavailable
Unknown availability
4
Add Rooms, enter the name of a meeting room.
When your account is set up with Hybrid Calendar , you see icons beside each room name to show the availability.
Available
Unavailable

  Only meeting rooms listed in your organizations directory are displayed. Hover on the room icon to see the room contact card.
5
For a one-time meeting link, click Advanced Settings and choose from the available options:
Meeting type
Security
Audio connection
Scheduling options
6
Click Schedule.
The meeting is created and added to your calendar. An email invitation is sent to everyone invited to the meeting.
If you need to make changes, you can update the meeting details or cancel the meeting.