May 02, 2023 |
25045 view(s) |
200 people thought this was helpful
Integrate Salesforce with the Webex App
When you configure the Webex App integration for Salesforce, your users can call, message, and meet from within a Salesforce record. This integration minimizes context switching so your teams can be more productive.
Call—Call relevant contacts within the Salesforce record, dial any number with the global dialer, or receive inbound calls.
Message—Create and manage spaces associated with a Salesforce object. Use in-place messaging to attach content to a message and access previous space content.
Meet—Manage meetings without leaving Salesforce. Schedule and join meetings with one click, and associate relevant meeting information to the Salesforce object.
Check out the following guides for more information about configuring some of the main features available with the Webex App integration for Salesforce:
Enabling inbound calling features in Salesforce
Enabling outbound calling features in Salesforce
Enabling opportunity collaboration features in Salesforce
Enabling Webex space notifications in Salesforce

  Be sure to also check out our instructional videos. We've made videos that cover all aspects of the Salesforce integration with Webex App.
Download
Install
Calling
Meetings
Messaging
Webinars
Manage
Before you follow the configuration steps, you must first go to the release notes and download the latest version of the Webex App Salesforce Package.
Requirements
Salesforce Enterprise Edition
This integration requires a minimum of Salesforce Enterprise Edition. See Salesforce Editions for more information.
My Domain in Salesforce org
You must deploy My Domain in your org if you want to use Lightning components. See the My Domain Salesforce documentation for more information.
User access in Control Hub
You must configure user access to integrations in your organization.
Without Pro Pack—When you have the basic Control Hub, you can choose to allow or deny access to all integrations for all of your users.
With Pro Pack—With Pro Pack, you have advanced functionality to manage access to integrations for users.
See Configure User Access to Integrations for more information.
Calling
Webex Calling is fully supported for inbound and outbound calls for call control within Salesforce.
Calling in Webex (Unified CM) is partially supported. Only outbound calls open up a logging pop-up into Salesforce. For inbound, the Webex App rings but Salesforce cannot intercept the call, so the logging pop-up does not appear.