January 20, 2023 |
8766 view(s) |
25 people thought this was helpful
Alerts center in Control Hub
Keep up to date with your Webex services by setting up alerts. With alerts center, you can view all important events and updates in one place.
Overview
Meetings and Calling alerts
Device alerts
Service-generated alerts for Dedicated Instance
Alerts center in Control Hub is a central place to manage alerts for your Webex deployment. Administrators can configure alerts to be delivered through email, webhooks, or in a Webex App space. Regardless of the delivery channel configured, all alerts will always appear in Control Hub.
Each administrator has their own set of alerts and rules that they can create and view in My alerts and My rules tabs, and they can view all alerts and rules from other administrators in the organization in the All alerts and All rules tabs. Administrators can also view announcements, such as software updates from Cisco, in the alerts center.
Alerts for the last 14 days will appear in the Alerts section, you can export historical alerts for the last 30 days in a CSV format by clicking on the export button.
There are two categories of alerts: Threshold-based and Service-generated.
Threshold-based alerts
Administrators can create a rule to monitor for specific events by specifying specific thresholds, such as participants who reach more than 300ms of latency or a packet loss of more than 8%. These alerts are only triggered if the administrators configure them by creating a rule.
Administrators can further configure how these alerts are delivered by choosing the delivery channel for them.
Service-generated alerts
These alerts are created automatically by Webex services. Most of these alerts are critical in nature that the administrator should pay attention to. Administrators can manage how these alerts are delivered by choosing the delivery channel for them.
View notification and rules
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Alerts center.
2
Select one of the following:
To view alerts, select My alerts or All alerts.
In the All alerts tab, when you select a filter for a single service, an additional drop-down box appears so you can further refine your search.
To view rules, select Manage, and then select My rules or All rules.
In the All rules tab, when you select a filter for a single service, an additional drop-down box appears so you can further refine your search.
In the All rules tab, when you select a filter for Device Name or Email, a search bar appears so you can search for all rules related to a specific user or device.