June 12, 2023 |
9152 view(s) |
51 people thought this was helpful
Preassign interpreters for Webex meetings and webinars
Create language channels and invite interpreters to your meeting, or webinars so that attendees who join can understand the meeting in their preferred language. You can set up multiple language channels and assign multiple interpreters to each channel. You can also set the default language for the rest of the participants.
Before you begin
This feature is supported on Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. On Webex App, this feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform. Find out if your meetings use the Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
On Webex App, this feature isn't available for Webex for Government.
1
Follow the steps to schedule a meeting or schedule a webinar.

  For Personal Rooms, you can only assign interpreters after you start the meeting. See Assign interpreters for a Webex Personal Room.
2
On the Schedule a Meeting page, click Advanced options, then check the Enable simultaneous interpretation check box.

  Simultaneous interpretation must be enabled for your Webex site. If the option to enable simultaneous interpretation is not available, contact your site administrator.

  If you dont want to assign interpreters straight away, you can add them during the meeting. See Create language channels and assign interpreters during meetings, Personal Room meetings and webinars.
3
Click Assign interpreters.
4
In the Simultaneous interpretation window, select languages from the Language channel drop-down list, enter the email address of the interpreter you want to invite, then click Add.

  If your administrator has configured it, you can select 'Other' from the drop-down list if the language you want to assign doesn't appear in the list.
5
Repeat the previous step for as many language interpreters you want to invite.
6
Click Save.
7
In the Interpretation options, select the default language for the rest of the participants from the drop-down list, and finish scheduling the meeting.