October 07, 2021 |
4225 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Assign a personal room or desk device to a user
In this article
In Control Hub you can add devices to users from either the Users tab or the Devices tab. Assigning a room or desk device as a personal device to someone allows them to get their Webex calls and meetings directly to their device.
Add a room device from the Users tab

User's with a Webex Calling professional license can use their personal room system device to make (or receive) external calls using a phone number or use extension-based calling from the device.

Calls made using URI will continue to be routed through the Webex app.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select the user you want to assign the device to.
2
From the user panel that opens to the right, scroll down to Devices and then choose one of the following options:
If the user has at least one device already assigned—click ... and then select Add Webex Room Device.
If the user doesn't have any devices already assigned—click Add Webex Room Device.
3
Copy, email, or print the 16-digit activation code and send it to the user so that they can activate their new device or, if the device is in your possession, you can activate the device on the user's behalf.
If the user doesn't activate the device before the code expires, they can generate a new activation code from https://settings.webex.com. Users can also add their own personal devices from there. For more information, see Set Up a Room or Desk Device as a Personal Device.
Add a room device from the Devices tab

User's with a Webex Calling professional license can use their personal room system device to make (or receive) external calls using a phone number or use extension-based calling from the device.

Calls made using URI will continue to be routed through the Webex app.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Devices.
2
Click on Add Device, and select the Existing User option.
3
Search for the user you'd like to assign the device to, then click Next.
4
Select Cisco Webex Room Device.
5
Copy, email, or print the 16-digit activation code and send it to the user so that they can activate their new device or, if the device is in your possession, you can activate the device on the user’s behalf.
If the user doesn’t activate the device before the code expires, they can generate a new activation code from https://settings.webex.com. Users can also add their own personal devices from there. For more information, see Set Up a Webex Board, Room or Desk Device as a Personal Device.