August 01, 2023 |
6057 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
How to Activate Dedicated Instance
In this article
After you purchase the Webex Calling Dedicated Instance add-on, you can activate and avail a modern user experience with cloud calling features.
Dedicated Instance service activation
Dedicated Instance is an optional add-on to Webex Calling that you must purchase before proceeding with the activation.
Once the order is placed for Dedicated Instance, a welcome email to set up the services will be sent to the email address provided in the “Provisioning Contact email” in Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW).
You can activate Dedicated Instance as part of the First Time Setup Wizard (FTSW), or activation can be deferred and completed later from Control Hub. Click the link that is provided in the welcome email to Create a Cisco Webex Order for a Customer.

The partner administrator email address in the above wizard needs to be mandatorily provided, so that we can notify using the Webex Application, the UC Application credentials. The email address provided should also be able to log in to the Webex App.
After the Customer Organization is created, you can navigate to the First Time Setup Wizard (FTSW) and activate the Dedicated Instance service. Here, you can choose to skip the Dedicated Instance setup by not selecting any of the regions and complete the activation later from Control Hub (Calling > Dedicated Instance > Status option) or based on the available number of Dedicated Instance regions purchased, you can activate all or subset of required regions, by specifying the “Knowledge Workers” and “Workspace Devices” quantity. These parameters are only used to size the Dedicated Instance UC applications upon activation (for more information, see Dedicated Instance Sizing). The sum of the users and workspace devices across the regions cannot exceed the corresponding license quantity on the Webex Calling subscription.

Dedicated Instance for a Customer’s Control Hub organization can only be deployed either in EMEA or EU region.

Once you activate the Dedicated Instance in a given region, it cannot be undone or changed to a different region.

The SIP address name is appended to the Cisco's Webex domain to form a unique domain name, for example if contasa name was entered, then the domain will be contasa.amer.wxc-di.webex.com for that Dedicated Instance region. This domain is used for the Dedicated Instance UC applications and also as the voice service domain for Mobile and Remote Access (MRA). Make sure not to exceed 10 characters, as the FQDN of the UC applications will become long and is not recommended.

Once the Dedicated Instance region is activated with a domain, the same will be used for subsequent region activations within the same Control Hub organisation. Also, the UC applications domain cannot be changed once the Dedicated Instance service activation is completed or submitted.
As mentioned earlier, the Dedicated Instance UC application access details along with the credentials, will be shared only through the Webex App message to the partner email ID provided in the Cisco Webex Order for a Customer.
As part of service activation, the following UC applications are deployed and sized by us based on the numbers provided in the FTSW for Knowledge Workers and Workspace devices for a region:
Cisco Unified Call Manager
Cisco Unified Unity Connection
Cisco Unified IM and Presence
Cisco Expressway-Core and Edge
Cisco Emergency Responder (only in AMER region)
In addition, as part of activation, SIP connectivity is established between the Webex Calling Dedicated Instance and Multi-tenant platforms for inter-op calls.
Upon successful completion of the service activation, the UC apps will appear in the Calling > Dedicated Instance > Manage tab. For more details regarding accessing the UC applications, refer Access Dedicated Instance Applications from Control Hub.
Default inter-op trunk and dial plan configurations
After a Dedicated Instance is activated, basic dial plan elements for call routing is configured in both the Webex Calling multi-tenant platform and each of the Dedicated Instances. If you require call routing between the platforms, you must incorporate these elements into the Webex Calling and the Dedicated Instance UCM dial plan accordingly.
Configured Webex Calling Dial Plan Elements
Location
SIP Trunk
Route Group
Configured Dedicated Instance (Cisco Unified Communications Manager) Dial Plan Elements
SIP Trunk
Route Group
Route List

The pre-configured dial plan elements in multi-tenant platform are prefixed with ‘WXC-DI’. For example, WXC-DI-<region>-<dial plan element>.
The pre-configured dial plan elements in Cisco Unified Communications Manager are prefixed with ‘xWxC’. For example, xWxC-<region>-<dial plan element>.
Refer to Dedicated Instance for Webex Calling - Base Configuration for more information on the pre-configured components.
How to activate default location to make calls

As customer administrator you need to configure the Main Number (E.164) for the location created in the multi-tenant, before any calls can be made.

It is required to add a PSTN connection before proceeding to add the Main number. Refer to Configure PSTN Connection for more information.

You are advised not to modify or delete any of the above pre-configured inter-operability dial plan elements otherwise it can cause call failures between the platforms.
Configure PSTN connection
You are required to configure a PSTN connection before adding a Main Number.
Sign in to Control Hub at https://admin.webex.com/login.
Go to Management > Locations.
Select the default location created by Cisco (prefixed with "WXC-DI" for a particular region) and click Calling.
Click Manage in the Calling connection section.
On the Connection Type window, select the default Route Group created by Cisco (prefixed with "WXC-DI" for that particular region) from the Routing choice drop-down list, check the disclaimer checkbox and click Next.
Click Done (add number later) if you wish to add the Main Number later else click Add numbers now to continue to add Main Number to make and receive calls.

You cannot make or receive calls until the main number is added to this default location.
Configure emergency callback number for a location
You can configure locations with a specified Emergency Callback Number (ECBN). Once configured, when an emergency call is made by a user their configured ECBN is presented to the PSTN provider.
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Management, click Locations.
Select the default location created by Cisco (prefixed with "WXC-DI" for a particular region) and click Calling tab.
Click Callback Number in the Emergency Calling section.
Select one of the options listed to set as the ECBN for the location.
Click Save.