November 03, 2021 |
59622 view(s) |
219 people thought this was helpful
Turn off mirror view in your self-view video in Webex Meetings
By default, Meetings shows your self-view video in mirror view for a more natural experience. In mirror view, when you look at your self-view video, your video appears as if you were looking at your reflection in a mirror. The left and right sides of your image appear to be reversed. If you don't want your self-view video to appear reversed, you can stop showing it in mirror view.
Mirror view applies only to your self-view video. Your video isn’t broadcast to other meeting participants in mirror view. If you want to see yourself as other participants see you during a meeting, turn off mirror view.
You can start or stop showing your self-view video in mirror view before you join a meeting or during a meeting. You can also set your preference in your Meetings desktop app. The preference that you set will apply to all meetings that you join.
For 41.10 and later sites, see Select video settings for Webex meetings and Webex Events (new).
To see what version you're on, see Find your Webex Meetings version number
.
1
Before a meeting, select Don't mirror my video in the preview window:
The icon changes to when you stop showing your video in mirror view.
2
During a meeting, in your self-view video, select Video options > Don't mirror my video to stop showing mirror view or Mirror my video to start showing mirror view.

  You can set your preference for all meetings that you join in the Meetings desktop app:
On Windows, select the gear icon in the top right of the Meetings app and go to Preferences > Meeting join options. Select Always use the following audio and video settings, check or uncheck the Mirror my video check box, and select Apply.
On Mac, select Webex Meetings on the app menu and go to Preferences > Meeting join options. Select Always use the following audio and video settings and check or uncheck the Mirror my video check box.
iOS
For 41.10 and later, see Select video settings for Webex Meetings and Webex Events (new).
For 41.9 and earlier, follow the steps below.
Mirror view applies only to your self-view video. Your video isn’t broadcast to other meeting participants in mirror view. In 40.10 and later app versions, if you want to see yourself as other participants see you during a meeting, turn off mirror view.
You can start or stop showing your self-view video in mirror view before you join a meeting or during a meeting.
1
Before a meeting, in the preview window, tap Don't mirror my video .
The icon changes to when you stop showing your video in mirror view.
2
During a meeting, tap Video, and then tap Don't mirror my video .
If you want to turn mirror view back on, tap Video, and then Mirror my video .