November 24, 2021 |
60621 view(s) |
156 people thought this was helpful
Select advanced video settings for Webex Meetings
When you join a meeting, you can set advanced video options to improve performance and video quality. You can adjust your camera brightness, reduce camera CPU usage, and more.
Windows
Mac
For 41.9 and later sites, see Select video settings for Webex Meetings and Webex Events (new).
To see what version you're on, see Find your Webex Meetings version number.
To set advanced video settings:
1
While in a meeting, click the down arrow on the video button, then click Settings.
or
2
Click Camera.
3
Click Advanced Settings.
4
To enable the following settings, check the box next to the setting:
To disable a setting, uncheck the box next to it.
Allow hardware acceleration for video—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading video processing to a supported graphics processing unit (GPU).

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
Allow hardware acceleration for sharing content—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading processing for content sharing to a supported GPU.

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
Enable GPU acceleration for virtual background—Reduce the load on the CPU, when possible, by off-loading virtual background processing to a supported GPU.

  Hardware acceleration is supported only with Intel GPUs. Nvidia and AMD GPUs aren’t supported. If your system doesn't support this feature, the option appears dimmed.
This feature is available only on version 41.? or later sites.
HD video—Enable high-definition video capture for your Webex meetings. This feature is available only on version 41.3 or later sites.
To enable this feature, your site administrator must turn on high-quality video for your Webex site.
The HD video setting appears only if your computer meets the minimum system requirements:
Default On—4 GB or more of memory, 4 or more physical cores, and 1.6 GHz or higher CPU frequency
Default Off—Set for any of the following environments:
1 GB or more of memory and 4 or more physical cores
OR
1 GB or more of memory, 2 or more physical cores, 2 virtual cores, and 1.6 GHz or more CPU clock speed
OR
1 GB or more of memory, 2 or more physical cores, 1 virtual core, and 2.8 GHz or more CPU clock speed
Adjust camera brightness—Enable this setting to improve the visibility of content captured by your camera.
Automatic—To let Webex monitor and automatically make adjustments, select this option.
Manual—To adjust the brightness level yourself, select this option and use the Brightness slider.
Video capture—The Microsoft Framework supports camera capture and video rendering. Select an option from the list:
Auto—Auto (default) selects the fastest framework available.
To override the automatic option and avoid compatibility issues with the system camera or display hardware, select Microsoft Media Foundation or Microsoft DirectShow.