March 03, 2022 |
15701 view(s) |
145 people thought this was helpful
Trim the beginning and end of your Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars, or Webex Events (classic) recording
Remove unwanted portions from the beginning and end of a video-centric recording so that it starts just as the speaker starts and ends when the meeting finishes. If there's a "Let's wait a few minutes before we start," comment, a pause at the beginning of the recording, and chatter at the end of the recording, you can trim those out.
This feature is available for video-centric network-based MP4 recordings.
The feature isn't available for data centers in China or Video Platform version 1.0 sites. FedRAMP-authorized Webex sites must upgrade to Webex for Government to get the feature with Video Platform version 2.0. For browser requirements, see Browser support for video-centric network-based MP4 recordings.
If you shared a video file using Share File during the meeting, webinar, or event, the MP4 recording won't be saved in video-centric format.

The trimmed recording is only available when played back from the Webex site or the recording link. When downloaded and played back, the full recording is available.
1
Sign in to your Webex site and go to Recordings.
2
Locate the recording that you want to edit and select its name.
3
Click Play and select Edit playback range in the lower right of the screen.
4
To trim the beginning of the recording, select Preview playback range to start playing the recording. When you determine where you want the recording to start, select Pause and drag the playback start control there.
5
To trim the end of the recording, select Preview playback range to start playing the recording. Drag the seekbar to determine where you want the recording to end. When you find the end point, select Pause and drag the playback end control there.
6
Select Save playback range and exit the meeting window.
7
From Recordings, click and open the recording again to make sure it starts and ends where you expect.
If you want to revert the changes that you made, select Edit playback range , then Restore original playback range .