July 07, 2023 |
333 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Release Notes for Cisco Video Phone 8875 on Cisco Unified CM
These release notes are for Cisco Video Phones deployed on Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM).
The following table lists the support compatibility for Cisco Video Phone 8875.
Table 1. Phone, support, and firmware release compatibility
Phone Support requirements
Cisco Video Phone 8875
Cisco Unified Communications Manager 12.5(1) or later
Cisco Unified Communications Manager DST Olsen version D or later
SRST 8.0 (IOS load 15.1(1)T) or later
Cisco Expressway 12.5.4 or later
New features
Open and resolved bugs
Firmware and locale installation
Limitations and restrictions
Related documentation
May 11, 2023
Firmware Release 2.1.1
Cisco Video Phone 8875 running Firmware Release 2.1.1 delivers the following features and enhancements:
Busy Lamp Field with speed dial and call pickup
Call park
Call pickup
Extension Mobility
Hunt group
Increased maximum number of speed dials
Interactions between calls and meetings
Intercom calls
Mute status synchronization
New supported languages and virtual keyboard for multiple languages
Personal directory and fast dial
Support for CTI applications
Support for SIP OAuth
Support for XML service interfaces
User experience enhancements
Busy Lamp Field with speed dial and call pickup
Busy Lamp Field (BLF) shortcuts allow users to monitor the associated coworkers lines. When configured with speed dial and call pickup, users are able to call the monitored lines with a tap and pickup calls for their coworkers.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Use speed dials on your phone
Answer calls for your coworkers
Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Call park
With the Call Park feature, users can park an active call. A call park number is provided on the phone screen. Then the users can pick up the call either from their phones or retrieve the call by using the provided call park number from another phone or line.
When a call is parked for too long, the phone reminds users of the parked call periodically by a call alert notification. Users can choose to answer or ignore the parked call.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Use call park
Configure park monitoring
Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Call pickup
With the Call Pickup feature, users can answer calls for their coworkers either in the same call pickup group or from another group. The following softkeys are available on the phone:
Pickup — Answer calls for coworkers within your group
GrPickup — Answer calls for another group
Other pickup — Answer calls for an associated group
As an administrator, you must add a user to at least one call pickup group so that they can use this feature.
For information about how to use the call pickup feature, see Answer calls for your coworker.
Extension Mobility
The extension mobility feature lets users log in to any phone in their organization and have their personalized settings and preferences automatically applied. This eliminates the need to manually configure phone settings each time they switch locations.
When logged in, the phone applies the user's personal settings to the session, such as directories, call history, speed dials, and so forth. When logged out, the user's personal settings are removed from the phone.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Sign yourself in to a shared phone
Extension Mobility in Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Hunt group
The Hunt Group feature provides load sharing for calls to a main directory number. A hunt group contains a series of directory numbers that can answer the incoming calls. When the first directory number in the hunt group is busy, the system hunts in a predetermined sequence for the next available directory number in the group and directs the call to that phone.
For an incoming hunt group call, the Incoming Call Alert might include the following information:
Caller ID (If configured)
The line that receives the hunt group call
The directory number of the hunt group
The hunt group pilot number
Users can choose to sign in or out of the hunt group for the device by a dedicated soft button or feature shortcut. The hunt group setting applies to all lines. Users can also check the status of the hunt group queue on the phone.
As an administrator, you must configure the hunt group on the Cisco Unified Communications Manager.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Answer a call for your hunt group
Configure Hunt Pilots in System Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Increased maximum number of speed dials
The maximum number of speed dials has been increased. You can add up to 108 speed-dial numbers on a phone.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Use speed dial
Add speed-dial numbers
Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Cisco Unified Communications Self Care Portal User Guide, Release 12.5(1) or later
System Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Intercom calls
With the Intercom Calls feature, users can use a line that is configured as an intercom line to place and receive one-way audio calls. After answering an intercom call, the recipient starts a two-way audio call to allow for further interactive conversation.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Make an intercom call
Answer an intercom call
Feature Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Mute status synchronization
The mute status is synchronized automatically between the phone and the Cisco Meeting Server (CMS) server.
When the user toggles the microphone on or off on the phone, the mute status is synchronized to the CMS server automatically, and vice versa.
For incoming calls, it's required for the user to choose to mute or unmute the microphone.
This feature supports USB headsets and the Cisco Headset 720/730 (with Bluetooth-paired).
For more information about how to configure CMS on Cisco Unified Communications Manager, see the following document:
Deployments with Cisco Unified Communications Manager
New supported languages and virtual keyboard for multiple languages
Your phone now supports locales in Arabic, Hebrew, Japanese, Korean, and Traditional Chinese. The latest locale installer is available on the Cisco Software Download site.
Multilingual soft keyboards are available on the phone when the system language is set to a language other than English. Users can easily switch between the English keyboard and the system-language keyboard.

  The soft keyboard doesn't support Korean, Japanese, and Traditional Chinese. When you set your phone to any of these languages, only the English keyboard is available.
Personal directory and fast dial
Your phone now supports personal directory and fast dial. Administrators can subscribe phones to directory service through XSI service. Users can add contacts to the personal directory either on the phone or on Cisco Unified Communications Self Care Portal. In the Contacts menu of the phone, users can assign fast dials to their frequently contacted individuals.
Users can access the personal directory from Contacts > Customized directory > Personal directory.
For more information about this feature, go to the following links:
Use the personal directory on your phone
XSI configuration on your phone
Support for CTI applications
Your phone now supports the Computer Telephony Integration (CPI) applications. A CTI route point can designate a virtual device to receive multiple, simultaneous calls for application-controlled redirection.
For more information about this feature, see the following document:
System Configuration Guide for Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Release 12.5(1) or later
Support for SIP OAuth
Your phone now supports the SIP OAuth authentication for security enhancements.
Support for XML service interfaces
Administrators can add XML services to the phone through Cisco Unified CM Administration. After subscribing phones to the services, users can access these services on their phones.
The supported features are:
Directories
Extension Mobility
Messages (images and text)
For information about the supported XML objects and URIs, and how to configure XSI services for the phone, see XSI configuration on your phone.
For information about XML objects definitions, see Cisco Unified IP Phone Services Application Development Notes.
User experience enhancements
Your phone achieves the following enhancements for the user experience:
The icon of the idle status for multiple lines is changed from to .
For the idle lines, the strings Line: <Line Number> display under the lines.
For the lines that are configured as speed dials, the strings Speed dial: <Speed Dial Number> under the lines.
The conference icon displays for the conference calls.
The soft button changes from Hold to Hold & Answer when the user receives an incoming calls during an active call.
A specific icon for missed calls , unread voicemail messages , or both , displays next to the line on the Recents list.
Improvement of the prompt messages about noise removal activation during the phone registration.
On the phone full-screen mode, the default focus changes to the All tab. Now the leftmost tab on the screen is the All tab.
An animate icon displays on the phone home screen when the user ignores an incoming call.
For more information about this feature, see the following documents:
Answer a call
Check voice messages on your phone
View your call history
Make a call from call history
Silence incoming call ringer
January 21, 2023
Firmware Release 2.0.1
Cisco Video Phone 8875 running Firmware Release 2.0.1 delivers the following features:
Caller ID
Call waiting
Call hold/resume
Music on Hold (MoH)
Audio mute/unmute
Video stream on/off
Call forward
Do not disturb
Transfer
Conference
Speed dial
Uniform Resources Identifier (URI) dialing
Voicemail
Shared line
Privacy call
Directory search
Adjustable ring tones and volume levels
Adjustable display brightness
Time and date display
Mobile and Remote Access (MRA)
Background Noise Removal
E.911