May 26, 2022 |
16259 view(s) |
54 people thought this was helpful
Get Started With Your Cisco Headset 730
Get oriented with the most essential Cisco Headset 730 help topics.
Set Up and Use Your Cisco Headset 730
The Cisco Headset 730 is a wireless headset that uses Bluetooth ® connectivity to pair with Cisco soft clients and devices. The headset features full call control and music playback capabilities in addition to powerful noise cancellation and ambient audio enhancement systems for use in a busy office environment. The Cisco Headset 730 supports full call integration with Cisco Jabber, Webex, Webex Meetings, Cisco IP phones, and Webex Desk Devices.
The Cisco Headset 730 comes with a USB Adapter for use with devices that don't offer a reliable Bluetooth solution. The headset can also connect to devices via the included 3.5 mm cable and USB-C to USB-A cable. The USB-C cable also acts as a charging cable and can connect to any powered USB adapter.
You can use the following information to get up and running with the Cisco Headset 730:
Cisco Headset 730 First Time Set Up
Cisco Headset 730 Release Notes
Turn Your Headset On and Off
Connect Your Headset to a Bluetooth Device
Make and Answer Calls on the Cisco Headset 730
Music Controls on the Cisco Headset 730
Activate Your Voice Assistant on the Cisco Headset 730
Turn Noise Cancellation On and Off
Turn Ambient Mode On and Off
Charge Your Headset with the USB-C Cable
Update Your Cisco Headset 730
Get Started with the Cisco Headsets App
The Cisco Headsets mobile app lets you update, control, and customize your headset from any iPhone or Android mobile device. Use the following articles to make the most out of your experience with Cisco Headsets.
Manage Your Bluetooth Connections
Customize Your Headset Equalizer Settings
Adjust Your Headset Sidetone
Customize Your Noise Cancellation Level in the Cisco Headsets App
Customize Your Headset Notifications
Check Your Headset Firmware
Reset Your Headset Settings
Set Up and Use the Cisco Headset HD USB Adapter
Use the following articles to make the most out of your experience with the USB Adapter.
Use the USB Adapter
Pair the USB Adapter to Your Headset
Cisco Headset 730 USB Adapter Release Notes
I can't get the USB Adapter to Pair to My Headset