January 20, 2023 |
1104 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Analytics for Wholesale RTM and Webex for Broadworks packages in Partner Hub
Analytics in Partner Hub gives wholesale administrators access to interactive data visualizations that show important information, such as usage and adoption trends. Explore data as it automatically adapts to parameters that you specify in real-time.
View analytics
As a partner, you have access to various charts in Partner Hub to help see how your customers are adopting Webex. A single partner can also be both Webex for Broadworks and Webex for Wholesale partner. The following table provides more details about which data is available for certain administrators.
Table 1. Administrator role access in Partner Hub
Partner Org Partner admin role Customer List Create Paid Customer Manage wholesale customers Manage flex customers Administrators Templates Analytics
Non-wholesale enabled Partner full admin Can view all No No Yes Yes No No
Partner admin Can view partial No No Yes No No No
Partner read-only admin Can view all No No Yes Read-only No No
Wholesale enabled Partner full admin Can view all No Yes Yes Yes No Yes
Partner full admin and Webex for Wholesale admin Can view all Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Partner admin Can view partial No Yes Yes No No No
Partner read-only admin Can view all No Read-only Read-only Read-only No Yes
Broadworks enabled Partner full admin Can view all No No No No No Yes
Partner admin Can view partial No No No No No No
Partner read-only admin Can view all No No No No No Yes
Charts are available in a daily, weekly, and monthly format, or you can select a custom date range with the calendar date selector. You have access to 13 months of data. All charts are in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
Things to keep in mind
No data is available before January 26, 2022. Partner admins can only filter for date ranges after that date.
Due to data not being available, percentage changes won't be shown for comparison before January 26, 2022.
Data refresh happens every 24 hours in a nightly batch process during UTC time.
All partners can see all packages in the Customers with # of packages assigned table. This will be fixed in later phases so Broadworks partners and Whole partners can only see their respective packages correctly.
The numbers shown for the Total customers and Total users KPIs are based on the last day of the date range that you select.
Filter values are case sensitive
Customers count may be different between the Analytics and Customer list.
If a partner organization is a customer itself, then that count isn't added in the Total customers KPI.The partner can sign in to the Control Hub organization to view its own organization's analytics.
Filters will show all packages by default.

  These analytics data are for your general use and shouldn't be used for billing purposes.
1
Sign in to Partner Hub at https://admin.webex.com.
2
Select Analytics.
3
Select which date range you want to view the data for with the calendar date selector.
4
If applicable, you can change the date period for a chart: Daily, Weekly, or Monthly.
5
To save an individual chart, choose a chart, click the more button, and then choose a file type.
If you choose CSV, you'll export all of the data for the selected chart. If you select PNG or PDF, you get a copy of the data shown on the screen only.
Charts and graphs
KPIs
KPIs are available at the top of the page to show you high level details about your customers. You can use these KPIs as measurable data to see how your customers are doing. The KPIs available are:
Total customers—The total number of customers that you're managing.
Total users—The total number of users in all of your customers' organizations that you manage. You can use this KPI to see if your customers are utilizing the packages that they bought by comparing this number with the number in the Total users by packages chart.
New customers added—The number of customers that were recently assigned to you to manage.
Total users by packages
This chart shows you the packages that your customers have assigned to users in their organizations. You can use this chart to see if your customers are assigning the packages that they've bought to their users. Packages for Webex for Broadworks and Webex for Wholesale are:
Webex for Broadworks—Basic, standard, premium, and softphone.
Table 2. Packages comparison
Package Calling Messaging Space meetings PMR meetings
Softphone Included Not included None None
Basic Included Included 25 participants* None
Standard Included Included 100 participants 100 participants
Premium Included Included 300 participants 1000 participants
* The Space meeting limit for Basic users is 25 participants per space meeting unless the space also includes users assigned the “Standard” or “Premium” packages, in which case the limit increases to 100 participants.
For more information about these packages, see this article.
Webex for Wholesale—Common Area Calling, Enhanced Calling, Webex Calling, Webex Suite, and Webex Meetings.
Users by packages trend
This chart shows a trend of the packages that your customers assigned to users over time.
Customers with # of packages assigned
This list shows you the customers with the most packages assigned to their users. You can use this list to see which customers are assigning their packages to users and compare them with the customers that aren't assigning all of their packages. The details available are:
Total—The total number of packages that customers have assigned to users.
Basic—The number of Webex for Broadworks basic packages assigned to users.
Standard—The number of Webex for Broadworks standard packages assigned to users.
Premium—The number of Webex for Broadworks premium packages assigned to users.
Softphone—The number of softphone packages assigned to users.
Common Area Calling—The number of non-user packages assigned to common areas.
Enhanced Calling—The number of Enhanced Calling packages assigned to users.
Webex Calling—The number of Webex Calling packages assigned to users.
Webex Suite —The number of Webex Suite packages assigned to users.
Webex Meetings—The number of Webex Meetings packages assigned to users.

  The number of packages shown are only ones that have been assigned to users, not the total number of packages that they've bought.