June 13, 2023 |
31503 view(s) |
128 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Mute or unmute other people in a meeting
Sometimes attendees are in a noisy environment or have a setup that's causing feedback and don't realize it. You can prevent disruptive, noisy feedback by muting everyone as they join the meeting, muting everyone in the meeting, or muting specific people.
Mute or unmute all attendees in a meeting
During a classic meeting associated with a space, anyone can select Mute All. Then, everyone except for the person muting and the current presenter, gets muted.
In a Webex scheduled meeting, Personal Room meeting, or enhanced meeting associated with a space, only the host or cohost can select Mute All. If you mute everyone as the host or cohost, everyone, except you and the current presenter, gets muted.

  We’ve enhanced the meeting experience in a space. Some of you may still have the classic experience. For more information on the enhanced experience, see meetings associated with a space.
Desktop
Mobile
1
Go to the participants list and click Mute all.
2
Check Allow attendees to unmute themselves to allow attendees to unmute themselves and speak in the meeting, and then click Mute all.
This option is available in a Webex scheduled meeting, Personal Room meeting, or enhanced meeting associated with a space.
When Allow attendees to unmute themselves in unchecked, Mute on entry is turned on, so anyone who joins the meeting late is muted automatically.
If you don't want to mute attendees as they join the meeting, go to More options in the participants list and uncheck Mute on entry.
Everyone in the meeting sees a notification that lets them know they've been muted. If you didn't prevent attendees from unmuting themselves, they see beside their name in the participants list and they can unmute themselves when they need to. If you prevented attendees from unmuting themselves, they see beside their name in the participants list and a notification that they can't unmute themselves.
To unmute everyone, go to the participants list and select Unmute all. Everyone in a Webex meeting sees a notification that lets them know they can unmute themselves.

  When you mute yourself, you stay muted, even when someone else selects Unmute all.

Mute or Unmute a Specific Attendee in a Meeting
Desktop
Mobile
Web
1
During an active meeting, go to the participants list , click the person's name, and select mute . You know it's working when you see beside their name to indicate they're muted.
If you want to unmute someone, click beside the person's name in the participants list.
If you see beside the person's name in the participants list, that indicates that they're muted and can't unmute themselves. Hover over and click Request unmute to send a request to the attendee to unmute themselves. They can unmute themselves or stay muted.
2
Hosts and cohosts can conveniently manage meeting participants' audio without navigating to the Participants list. They can instantly mute or unmute participants.
Hover over a participant's video feed, click More actions, and then select Mute.