June 09, 2021 |
5675 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Plan Your Jabber Migration to Webex app
In this article
Plan Your Migration - An Overview
Migration Insights help you to plan your Jabber migration from an on-premises deployment to cloud deployment. It allows you to gather the required information about the user’s existing on-premises deployment services, such as third-party integration, endpoint types and configurations, and the type of services used by the end users. You can also view the list of Instant Messaging and Presence and Jabber features that may not be available or may be partially available after migration. These insights will help you to plan and build a time-line for a move to cloud effectively.
Prerequisites
Before you plan your migration, make sure that you meet the following requirements:
Access to Control Hub with full administrator privileges—The Webex app is primarily managed from Control Hub, which is the management interface for the Webex platform. For more details, see Assign Organization Account Roles in Control Hub.
Onboard your organization to Cloud-Connected UC—Onboard your organization to Cloud-Connected UC to gather the required information about the users and clusters that you plan to migrate. For more details, see Set Up Cisco Webex Cloud-Connected UC for On-Premises Devices.
Enable Deployment Insights—Enable Deployment Insights service on all the Unified CM and Instant Messaging and Presence clusters. This enables sending the configuration details to cloud, required for migration. For more details, see Enable Cloud-Connected UC Services.
Plan Your Migration
1
From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services > Updates.

  The Migration Insights card is enabled only after you've onboarded your organization to Cloud-Connected UC.
2
On the Migration Insights card, click View.
The Data collection confirmation dialog box appears.
3
Read the on-screen message, check the Yes, I agree check box, and click Submit.
4
The Migration Insights page appears with the following details:
Unified CM Cluster Name—The name of the Unified CM cluster. You can use the Search field to search and filter cluster names. Only Deployment Insights-enabled clusters are listed here.
Service Profiles—List the Unified CM service profiles.
Total Users—The number of users on the Unified CM cluster.
Planning Insights—Lists the features that are available in the cluster or the features that might require planning.
5
Click Details on the Planning Insights column.
The Migration Insights page displays the list of Instant Messaging and Presence and Jabber client features. For more details on the list of the features, see Feature list.

  The functionality of these features may or may not map directly when transitioned to Webex app.
6
Click Download Report to view the feature details.
7
Click the Migration Guide link that appears on the top of the page to view the planning details.
Feature list
The following table lists the features that Cloud-Connected UC detects if they are configured during the deployment. These features are marked for futher planning since they may or may not map directly when you transition to Webex app.
Table 1. Feature List
Features
Description
Instant Messaging and Presence Features
3rd Party Compliance Server
Instant Messaging and Presence Service integrates with one or more third-party compliance servers for compliance logging or ethical wall functionality. You can select which Instant Messaging, presence, or group chat events are passed to the compliance server, and which events are blocked. The third-party compliance server applies any relevant policy or filtering to the event, then instructs Instant Messaging and Presence Service as to whether the event should be processed further.
B2B Federation
The federated Instant Messaging network allows communication across different Instant Messaging clients and platforms to exchange availability information and Instant Messaging with users in external domains.
B2B Federation (SIP)
Instant Messaging and Presence Service users can communicate with users in external domains such as Session Initiated Protocol (SIP) federated domains.
B2B Federation (XMPP)
Instant Messaging and Presence Service users can communicate with users in external domains using messaging apps that support Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP).
B2B Federation (Email)
When you configure the Instant Messaging and Presence Service to use the email address for SIP or XMPP federation, the Instant Messaging and Presence Service swaps the IM address of the local user for the user's email address in all communications with a federated contact lists.
Contact List based on Enterprise Group (Enterprise AD)
When Enterprise Group is configured, Unified CM includes user groups as it synchronizes its database with an external LDAP directory. You can provision users with similar characteristic traits, target messages to all users in a specific group, and configure uniform access for all members of a specific group. Cisco Jabber users can also search for enterprise groups or see the groups that they already added to their contact lists.
FIPS mode for deployment
The Instant Messaging and Presence Service can be configured to operate in FIPS mode, which allows your system to comply with FIPS or Federal Information Processing Standards, a US and Canadian government standard for cryptographic modules. The FIPS specifies best practices for implementing cryptographic algorithms, handling key material and data buffers, and working with the operating system.
Message archiving
Provides support for Instant messaging compliance by collecting data for the Instant Messaging activities in single cluster, intercluster, or federated network configurations. This includes point-to-point messages and various forms of group chat.
Persistent Chat
Persistent chat rooms are group chat sessions that remain in existence evenafter all users have left the room. Users can return to the same room over time to collaborate and share knowledge, search through archives (if this feature is enabled on Instant Messaging and Presence Service), and then participate in the discussion of that topic in real-time. If you’re configuring persistent chat rooms, you must set up a separate external database instance for each node that hosts persistent chat rooms.
Jabber Miscellaneous Features
Remote Desktop Control
When screen sharing from an Instant Messaging, a user can request permission to remotely control the desktop of the user who is sharing the screen. Either user can revoke the remote desktop control at any time. Remote desktop control is not currently supported while on the Expressway for Mobile and Remote Access.
FECC - Far End Camera
Control
In calls that support Far End Camera Control (FECC), you can adjust the far-end camera to give you a better view during video calls. FECC is available to users if the endpoint that they are calling supports it. For example, if you call a Cisco bridge, you can choose the layout of the video displays on your conference call.
CMS ActiveControl
The Cisco Meeting Server ActiveControl offers meeting participants the ability to control their meeting experience directly from their conferencing endpoint through ActiveControl without the need for external applications or operators.
Use of Secure Media with CAPF or OAuth
Secure registrations to Unified CM involves a process of updating CTL files, setting up a mutual certificate trust store and so on. If a Cisco Jabber device is switching between on-premises and off-premises, it is difficult to update Locally Signed Certificates and renew Certificate Authority Proxy Function (CAPF) enrollment each time when a secure registration is completed. SIP OAuth mode allows you to use OAuth refresh tokens for Cisco Jabber authentication in secure environments. Supporting OAuth on the Unified Communications Manager SIP line allows secure signalling and media without CAPF. OAuth token validation during SIP registration is completed when OAuth based authorization is enabled on Unified Communications Manager cluster and Cisco Jabber endpoints.
Troubleshooting Migration Issues
This section provides the necessary information and solutions to resolve some of the common issues that you might face before you plan to migrate or during the migration to Webex app.
Service Enablement
After you enable Deployment Insights, the updated data might take approximately 4 to 5 hours to reflect in the Migration Insights page.
Bulk Updates on Control Hub or On-Premises
After you perform the bulk updates on Control Hub or on the on-premises nodes, the updated data might take approximately 4 to 5 hours to reflect in the Migration Insights page.