January 20, 2023 |
78751 view(s) |
450 people thought this was helpful
Webex Meetings web app meeting functionality
The Webex Meetings web app allows you to join or start meetings, webinar, events, and training sessions right from your web browser. Learn about features available from the web app.
The Meetings web app is available on Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Firefox, and Safari 7 and later. For the best experience (including video support), we recommend using Chrome or Firefox.
Joining or starting meetings (or webinars as a panelist) from a video device is supported.
The current version supports the following functionality on Windows, Mac, Linux, and Chromebook:
Easily start and join meetings without installing a plug-in.
Controls are simple and intuitive:
You can see the list of meeting participants and see which one is the active speaker.
You can see which participant is sharing content and can view that shared content.
You can zoom in and out of the shared content view and view shared content in full screen.
The Recording icon appears when the meeting is being recorded.
You can receive video or streaming content up to 4K.
Your site settings may prevent unauthenticated users from entering unlocked Personal Rooms unless the host admits them. If so, when the room is unlocked, attendees who have not signed in wait in the lobby. The host sees a list of who is waiting and can choose who to admit.
Integrated audio and video:

  Connecting to audio using your computer is supported only for Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge (77.0.235.20 and later) browsers. All supported browsers allow you to connect to audio using your phone.
You can set audio and video connection types when you join a meeting for the first time.
The audio and video connection options are displayed together so you can join audio and video at the same time.
The Audio Connection dialog box remembers the last audio connection option that you used in a meeting. When you use the Call Me service, it remembers the last phone number you used.
You can easily switch to another audio connection option.
Your phone numbers from your Webex preferences appear in the Audio Connection dialog box. You can edit your preference phone numbers in the web app, which are then saved to the Webex server.
You can choose to connect to audio without pressing 1.
Other teleconference and no teleconference options are also available.
You can send and receive video (Chrome version 52 and later, Firefox version 45 and later, and Safari version 11 and later only).
The video size, bit rate, and resolution of the video stream depends on network conditions.

  The video stream can go up to 1080p in Chrome, Firefox and Edge, and up to 720p in Safari.
You can receive a call-back to your video endpoint.
Your video endpoint address from your Webex preferences appears in the Call My Video System dialog box. You can edit your preference addresses in the web app, which are then saved to the Webex server.
Present and share content
Use the “Start Sharing” button to share your screen.
The options include sharing your entire screen, or a specific application.
Content sharing is currently supported in Chrome and Firefox only.

  To enable content sharing in Chrome version 71 or earlier, you must install the Webex and Webex Teams Content Sharing extension. This is not required in Chrome version 72 or later.
Host functionality
Start and end meetings.
Start and stop recordings using the “Recorder” button.
Use the Participants menu to transfer the host role or presenter role, mute or unmute attendees, or expel users.
During a meeting, you can mute each participant as they join the meeting to prevent noise from disrupting you. Don't worry, participants can unmute or mute themselves during the meeting if you allow them to.
Go to More options and select Participant Settings . To mute or unmute participants as they join, select Mute on entry . When there's a checkmark next to Mute on entry , participants are muted as they join the meeting, as shown in the following image.
You can choose whether to allow meeting participants to unmute themselves or not. Go to More options and select Participant Settings . Check or uncheck Allow attendees to unmute themselves . When it's checked, attendees can unmute themselves. When it's unchecked, you must click Unmute next to the participant's name to send a request for them to unmute themselves.
During a meeting, you can turn off the beeps and tones that play when participants join and leave the meeting. Go to More options and select Participant Settings . To turn on or turn off the beeps and tones, select Entry and exit tone . When there isn't a checkmark next to Entry and exit tone , the tones are turned off, as shown in the preceding image.

  If the Announce Name feature is selected, when using the Webex Audio option, those joining using the Use computer for audio option don't get the option to record and announce their name.
Keyboard navigation and screen reader accessibility are fully supported.
Joining a Personal Room meeting using the Meetings web app on Linux is supported.
If you are on Windows or a Mac and need more features, you can easily switch to the regular Meetings desktop application from the web app with a single click from the web app.
Learn more
Webex Meetings web app
Get started with the Webex Meetings web app
Webex Meetings and Webex Events accessibility features
Meetings Web app supported operating systems and browsers
What's new for the latest channel of Webex Meetings
Webex Meetings web app known issues and limitations