January 25, 2022 |
3920 view(s) |
7 people thought this was helpful
Stream Your Webex meetings, webinars, or events on Twitter
Hosts can stream Webex Meetings, Webex Webinars or Webex Events (classic) on Twitter using Periscope Producer, without downloading or installing any plug-ins. This allows hosts to connect with large audiences on social media by easily sharing their video and content using the Webex controls.
Before you begin
Applies to:
All active Meetings versions with the Meet, Business, and Enterprise plans
All Events (classic) and Webinars versions

Your Webex administrator must enable live streaming.
Sharing a whiteboard and sharing a file using Share File, including sharing a video file, aren’t supported while live streaming.
You must have a Twitter account and a Periscope account. Your Twitter account must be connected to your Periscope account.
Make sure that you have signed in to Periscope Producer and become familiar with the process of live streaming well before you intend to live stream your meeting or event.
1
Sign in to Periscope with your Twitter account.
2
Click your profile icon in the upper right of the screen and select Producer.
3
Click Create New Source.
You see the Server URL and Stream Name/Stream Key. You'll need to copy and paste these in Step 6.
4
Sign in to your Webex site, start your meeting or event, go to More options , and click Start live streaming .
Live streaming isn't available during a practice session in an event.
5
(Optional) Click Change streaming layouts to set the video layout of your stream.
For more information about selecting your streaming video layout, see Live stream your Webex meetings, webinars, or events.
6
Select Other streaming services.
7
Enter the following:
For Streaming service, enter Periscope Producer.
For Target stream link, copy and paste the server URL that you got in Step 3.
For Target stream key, copy and paste the stream key that you got in Step 3.
8
Click Start streaming.
To confirm that you're streaming from Meetings, Webinars or Events (classic), check for the Live indicator in your meeting, webinar, or event.
9
When you're ready to start streaming live on Twitter, go back to Producer, and wait until you see a preview of a live stream of your meeting, webinar, or event.
10
When you see a preview of the live stream, click Go LIVE.
The live stream appears in a Tweet in your followers' timeline.
Click under the tweet to share the live video with other people.
What to do next
When you want to end the live stream:
Go back to Producer and select Stop Broadcast.
Go back to your meeting or event, select More Options , and then select Stop streaming.