July 26, 2023 |
61783 view(s) |
108 people thought this was helpful
Rename your Webex site in Webex Control Hub
You can change the name of an existing Webex site if your organization underwent a name change or you just want to use a specific Webex site for another purpose.
Overview
This feature is enabled by your partner, if you don't see the Site Rename option, contact your partner administrator.

  You can’t rename Webex sites that are free or trial sites.
If the Webex site has more than 5000 users, the site rename option won’t appear. Contact Cisco support or the Cisco partner that you purchased your Webex services from to rename sites with more than 5000 users.
During the site renaming process, the Webex site name is changed, and meeting addresses and Webex site user attributes are updated with the new Webex site name.

  We recommend that you rename a Webex site after your business hours or during a maintenance window because the Webex site isn't renamed immediately. Some people may be unable to host or join meetings while the Webex site is being renamed.
Redirect an Old Webex Site to the Renamed Webex Site
When you rename a Webex site, you can choose to redirect the old Webex site address to the new one for 90 days. When you try to access the Webex site from the old address, you're automatically forwarded to the new one. Meeting attendees are also forwarded to the new meeting address. If you choose not to redirect the Webex site, then the old Webex site address stops working after the site renaming process is finished.
Rename a Webex site

  If you receive an error when you rename a Webex site, contact the Cisco Technical Assistance Center (TAC).
1
Sign in to Control Hub.
2
In the left navigation pane under Services, click Meeting.
3
Select the Webex site that you want to rename, click the edit button, and then click Next.
4
Enter the new Webex site name and select Next.
5
Check the Redirect old site to new site for 90 days check box if you want to redirect the old Webex site to the renamed Webex site, and then click Next.
6
Click Rename Site.
Known Issues and Limitations
General Limitations
The site renaming process can't be stopped after it's started.
Site renaming may take up to 24 hours. The number of users on the Webex site affects how long the site renaming process takes. The more users that you have on a Webex site, the longer the site renaming process takes.
If you don't choose to redirect an old Webex site to the renamed one, the old Webex site name becomes available for other organizations to reuse immediately after the site renaming process is finished.
Webex Hybrid Calendar Service
The Hybrid Calendar Service doesn’t update meeting join details for previously scheduled meetings. If there’s no redirect (or the redirect has expired), users won’t be able to start or join previously scheduled meetings.
To ensure proper scheduling of new meetings, Webex App users should update their Personal Room setting in the app. The Hybrid Calendar Service administrator should update the default Webex site configuration depending on the type of deployment:
Calendar Connector for Microsoft Exchange or Office 365—From the Expressway-C connector host, go to Applications > Hybrid Services > Calendar Service > Cisco Conferencing Services Configuration and locate the default Webex site.
Cloud-based service for Office 365—From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services. On the hybrid calendar card with the Office 365 logo, click Edit settings.
Cloud-based service for Google Calendar—From the customer view in Control Hub, go to Services. On the hybrid calendar card with the Google Calendar logo, click Edit settings.
Webex Meetings
If you haven't redirected an old Webex site to the renamed one, you can't start or join meetings that were created before the Webex site is renamed.
Control Hub
During the site renaming process, you can sign in to Control Hub, but you can't change the Webex site settings.
To avoid a disruption of your Webex services, don't add or modify users, or assign licenses to the Webex site during the renaming process.
If there are users in your organization that haven't activated their accounts, you'll need to reassign their licenses after the Webex site is renamed so that their user attributes are updated.
The Webex site address isn't updated in user activation emails that are sent before you rename the Webex site.
Video Devices and Webex Board
After the 90 day redirection period, the Join button won't work for video devices or Webex Boards that are included in meetings that were created before you renamed the Webex site. The meeting organizer must cancel the existing meeting and schedule a new one with the new Webex site name.
If you choose not to redirect for 90 days, then the join button on video devices and Webex boards will working immediately.