March 02, 2023 |
8801 view(s) |
15 people thought this was helpful
Configure a paging group in Control Hub
In this article
Group Paging allows a user to place a one-way call or group page to up to 75 target users and workspaces by dialing a number or extension assigned to a specific paging group. You can create a paging group so that users can send an audio message to a person, a department, or a team. The Group Paging service makes a simultaneous call to all the assigned targets and announces to the originator that the system is ready for paging. After speaking, the originator ends the page by hanging up the call.
Paging group feature notes
A few things to note before setting up this feature:
You can assign a user as both a paging target and paging originator in a paging group.
Locations can have multiple Group Paging services configured because you can define a paging originator and/or a paging target in multiple paging groups.
If a user is not on the phone, the call from a group page is automatically answered and the target hears a paging announcement to alert them they are receiving a page.
If a paging target is on a call, the page isn't automatically answered. If a paging target chooses not to answer the page, the group paging call won't forward to the paging target’s voice mail.
If a paging target has Do Not Disturb enabled on their phone, they won't be paged.
If a paging target has Single Number Reach (Office Anywhere), Call Forwarding or Simultaneous Ring enabled, the configured destination service won't be called.
When the page is set up to the paging targets, the originator receives a “Paging System Ready” announcement alerting them to begin speaking.
The group page is a one-way audio service. The paging originator has a one-way talk path to the paging targets. The paging targets do not have a talk path to each other or to the paging originator for the duration of the page.
Configure a paging group in Control Hub
Before you begin
Check that the extensions you plan to assign to a paging group are available and unassigned.
Paging groups must have more than one member, and each member must have at least one registered device. If someone pages a group with no registered devices, they'll hear a busy signal.
Paging groups only work with the Cisco IP Phone 6800, 7800, or 8800 Series, as well as Analog Telephone Adapters (ATAs) 191 and 192.

For customers in the Asia-Pacific region, the Calling Line field is auto-populated with the User Name. You cannot modify the Calling Line field.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and choose Calling > Features.
2
Select Paging Group > Create Paging Group.
3
In Settings, select the Location, Paging Group Name, and then a Phone Number or Extension or both.
4
Select the group paging language in the Language drop-down menu.
5
For Calling Line ID, enter the Calling ID First Name and Calling ID Last Name that displays on target users' phones when a group page is performed.
6
Select the Calling ID Label to determine what is shown on target users' caller ID when a group page is performed. Click Next.
Paging Group ID—Displays the calling line ID name.
Page Originator—Displays the calling line ID name and number of the user who originates the page.
7
In the Paging Targets section, search for and add up to 75 users, workspaces or virtual lines in the organization that can receive paging announcements.
8
Select the Copy my paging targets to my paging originators checkbox to copy added users for paging originators in the next section. Click Next.
9
In the Paging Originators section, search for and add users, workspaces, or virtual lines in the organization that can initiate paging announcements. Click Next.

  If you selected the Copy my paging targets to my paging originators checkbox in the previous section, there is no requirement to add users in this section.
10
In the Paging Group Settings Review section, review your settings under each tab. Click Create.
Edit a paging group in Control Hub
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Services, and choose Calling > Features.
2
Select Paging Group, and select a paging group that you want to edit from the list.
3
You can edit the following settings:
General Settings—Edit the Location, Calling Line ID and Calling ID Label for the paging group.
Phone Number—Edit the Phone Number or Extension for the paging group.
Paging Targets—Edit, add or delete the list of users, workspaces, or virtual lines that can receive the paging announcement.
Paging Originators—Edit the list of users, workspaces, or virtual lines that can initiate the paging announcements.
4
Click Save after making any changes to the paging group.