June 09, 2023 |
24367 view(s) |
25 people thought this was helpful
Webex Contact Center Documentation
We recommend that partner administrators refer to the relevant documents mentioned here to successfully perform the tasks listed below:
Ordering and Provisioning
To place a Webex Contact Center Order on Cisco Commerce Workspace (CCW), see the Cisco Webex Contact Center Ordering Guide and the Cisco Collaboration Flex Plan Contact Center Ordering Guide in the Cisco Collaboration Ordering Guides page.
To provision a Webex Contact Center tenant for a CCW Order, see the Create a Webex Contact Center Order for a Customer article.
To set up a customer organization for Webex Contact Center, see the Get Started with Webex Contact Center article.
Customer Experience
To set up and manage business hours for Webex Contact Center, see the Set up business hours for Webex Contact Center article.
User Management
To understand the administrative roles and privileges of Webex Contact Center, see the Webex Contact Center Administrator Roles and Privileges article.
To add users and license entitlements, see the Ways to Add Users for Webex Contact Center article.
Tenant Settings
To manage general, security, voice, digital, and desktop settings in Webex Contact Center, see Tenant Settings article.
Feature Setup
Although partner administrators can execute the initial contact center setup, we recommend that customer administrators and supervisors be trained to execute the day-to-day contact center management tasks.
To refer to end-user guides, see:
Webex Contact Center Setup and Administration Guide
Webex Contact Center Analyzer User Guide
Webex Contact Center Agent Desktop User Guide
To configure a Voice channel, see this article:
Set Up Voice Channel for Webex Contact Center
To create a Chat Template or Virtual Agent, see these articles:
Virtual Agent–Voice (VAV) in Webex Contact Center
Configure a Chat Template for Webex Contact Center
Configure a Virtual Agent for Webex Contact Center
Delete a Virtual Agent from Webex Contact Center
Escalate a Virtual Agent Chat in Webex Contact Center
To configure connectors, see this article:
Set Up Integration Connectors for Webex Contact Center
To install and configure CRM Connectors in Webex Contact Center, see:
Integrate Webex Contact Center with Salesforce
Integrate Webex Contact Center with ServiceNow
Integrate Webex Contact Center with Microsoft Dynamics 365
Integrate Webex Contact Center with Zendesk
Integrate Webex Contact Center with Freshdesk
To install and configure CRM Connectors in Webex Contact Center 1.0, see:
Get Started with Webex Contact Center for Salesforce
Get Started with Webex Contact Center for Microsoft Dynamics 365
Get Started with Webex Contact Center for Zendesk
To build API integrations and access API documentation, see:
Webex Contact Center for Developers
API documentation
Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center
To create, modify, import, or export configuration objects using Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center, see the Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center article.
To define the CSV file while using Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center, see the CSV Definition for Bulk Operations in Webex Contact Center article.
Upgrade from Webex Calling Integrated platform to Real Time Media Service voice platform
To upgrade from Webex Calling Integrated platform to Real Time Media Service voice platform, see the Upgrade from Webex Calling Integrated Platform to Real Time Media Service (RTMS) article.
Upgrade from Legacy Platforms to Webex Contact Center
To upgrade from Webex Contact Center 1.0 to Webex Contact Center, see the Upgrade from Webex Contact Center 1.0 to Webex Contact Center article.
To migrate from Customer Journey Platform (R10) and CC-One (R9) releases to Webex Contact Center, see the Migrate from Customer Journey Platform (R10) and CC-One (R9) releases to Webex Contact Center article.