July 10, 2023 |
100166 view(s) |
945 people thought this was helpful
Create breakout sessions
You can easily create breakout sessions if you're the host or cohost. You can create the sessions any time during the meeting and start them when you're ready.
Hosts and cohosts can also create the breakout sessions and preassign participants when they schedule a meeting, as well as allowing participants to join any session.
This feature is supported on Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. On Webex App, this feature is available on our Video Mesh-ready meeting platform. Find out if your meetings use the Video Mesh-ready meeting platform.
Find out what you can do in breakout sessions, depending on your role in a meeting.
Desktop
iPhone
iPad
Android
1
From the Breakout menu, click Enable Breakout Sessions.
You can also enable the breakout session feature when you schedule a meeting or schedule a webinar.
When you turn on breakout sessions, the Breakout sessions button appears in the meeting controls.
2
In your meeting, select Breakout Sessions.

  Only one host or cohost can open the Breakout session assignment dialog box at a time.
3
Select the number of breakout sessions you want to create and how you want to assign your participants:
Assign automatically—Let us split your participants up evenly into each of the breakout sessions.
Assign manually—You assign participants to each breakout session.
Let participants choose any session—Participants can join any session.

  In webinars, only panelists can be assigned to breakout sessions. You can't assign attendees. Once you start breakout sessions, attendees can choose which one they want to join.
4
Click Create Assignments.
By default, breakout sessions are named Breakout session 1, Breakout session 2, and so on. You can rename the breakout sessions later.
If you chose Automatically for assigning participants, the participants get assigned. If you chose Manually, assign participants to breakout sessions.

  If you want to change the number of breakout sessions or how the participants get assigned, click Reset and repeat the previous steps. The new breakout sessions replace all existing sessions.
5
Change breakout session settings.
6
(Optional) To prevent unassigned participants from joining breakout sessions, More, then select Only assigned participants can join.
7
When you're ready to start all breakout sessions, click Start Breakout Sessions.
What to do next
If the breakout sessions aren't set to end automatically after a specified number of minutes, you can end all breakout sessions when you're finished using them.