September 26, 2019 |
679 view(s) |
2 people thought this was helpful
Cisco Headset 500 Series Safety and Compliance
In this article
See the following for important headset safety information and compliance statements for the Cisco Headset 500 Series.
Important Headset Safety Information
High Sound Pressure—Avoid listening to high volume levels for long periods to prevent possible hearing damage.
When you plug in your headset, lower the volume of the headset speaker before you put the headset on. If you remember to lower the volume before you take the headset off, the volume will start lower when you plug in your headset again.
Be aware of your surroundings. When you use your headset, it may block out important external sounds, particularly in emergencies or in noisy environments. Don’t use the headset while driving. Don’t leave your headset or headset cables in an area where people or pets can trip over them. Always supervise children who are near your headset or headset cables.
Compliance Statements for the European Union
CE Marking
The following CE mark is affixed to the equipment and packaging.
RF Exposure Statement for the European Union
This device has been evaluated and found compliant in accordance with EU EMF Directive 2014/53/EU.
Compliance Statements for the USA
General RF Exposure Compliance
This device has been evaluated and found compliant to the ICNIRP (International Committee on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection) limits for Human Exposure of RF Exposure.
Part 15 Radio Device

The Part 15 radio device operates on a non-interference basis with other devices operating at this frequency. Any changes or modification to said product not expressly approved by Cisco, including the use of non-Cisco antennas, could void the user’s authority to operate this device.
Canadian RF Exposure Statement
THIS DEVICE MEETS THE LIMITS AS REFERENCED BY ISED RSS-102 R5 FOR EXPOSURE TO RADIO WAVES
Your device includes a radio transmitter and receiver. It is designed not to exceed the General populace (uncontrolled) limits for exposure to radio waves (radio frequency electromagnetic fields) as referenced in RSS-102 which references Health Canada Safety Code 6 and include a substantial safety margin designed to assure the safety of all persons, regardless of age and health.
As such the systems are designed to be operated as to avoid contact with the antennas by the end user. It is recommended to set the system in a location where the antennas can remain at least a minimum distance as specified from the user in accordance to the regulatory guidelines which are designed to reduce the overall exposure of the user or operator.
The device has been tested and found compliant with the applicable regulations as part of the radio certification process.
Déclaration d'Exposition aux RF Canadienne
CE PÉRIPHÉRIQUE RESPECTE LES LIMITES DÉCRITES PAR LA NORME RSS-102 R5 D'EXPOSITION À DES ONDES RADIO
Votre appareil comprend un émetteur et un récepteur radio. Il est conçu pour ne pas dépasser les limites applicables à la population générale (ne faisant pas l'objet de contrôles périodiques) d'exposition à des ondes radio (champs électromagnétiques de fréquences radio) comme indiqué dans la norme RSS-102 qui sert de référence au règlement de sécurité n°6 sur l'état de santé du Canada et inclut une marge de sécurité importantes conçue pour garantir la sécurité de toutes les personnes, quels que soient leur âge et état de santé.
En tant que tels, les systèmes sont conçus pour être utilisés en évitant le contact avec les antennes par l'utilisateur final. Il est recommandé de positionner le système à un endroit où les antennes peuvent demeurer à au moins une distance minimum préconisée de l'utilisateur, conformément aux instructions des réglementations qui sont conçues pour réduire l'exposition globale de l'utilisateur ou de l'opérateur.
Le périphérique a été testé et déclaré conforme aux réglementations applicables dans le cadre du processus de certification radio.
Compliance Statement for Singapore