January 20, 2023 |
1419 view(s) |
3 people thought this was helpful
Custom analytics dashboards for your cloud collaboration portfolio in Control Hub
Pick and choose the data you want to see all in one place. With custom analytics, you can create a dashboard with charts and graphs from different sections to organize the data in a way that works best for you.
My Dashboards
Manage dashboards
Share dashboards
Included in the beginning of My Dashboards is a default summary dashboard that has two sections: "How are my users using Webex?" and "How is Webex performing." These two sections have pre-populated charts that show you a high-level view of how your Webex deployment is doing in your organization.
You can customize the Summary dashboard by clicking on Edit Dashboard, or you can build your own dashboards by clicking Add Dashboard.

  You can only view dashboards that you created.
How custom dashboards work
To begin building a dashboard, go to Analytics > My Dashboards and click Add Dashboard. You can then click on Edit Dashboard to rename the dashboard and add or remove sections in the dashboard. Once you have your dashboard and sections ready to go, you can start adding charts to it. To add a chart to a dashboard, go to the Meetings, Messaging, Calling, or Devices analytics sections and click Pin to dashboard on a chart.
Supported charts and graphs
Custom dashboards only support charts from Meetings, Messaging, Calling, and Devices analytics. Each of those charts can be added to a custom dashboard, and you can resize or reorder them however you want. You can even add multiple copies of the same chart, but with different filters on them.
Filters
To pin a chart or graph with a filter, you must first apply the filter to one of them. Once you apply the filter, you can pin the chart to a dashboard and it'll keep that filter. You can't change the filters in the dashboard once they're pinned. If you want to change the filter, you must pin another chart with a different filter applied.
Download as a PDF
You can download dashboards as a PDF if you want to share the data with your organization or to save the data for yourself as a record. When you download a dashboard as a PDF, it takes a snapshot of the data at that time. Each section will also have its own page break.
How are custom dashboards useful?
Custom dashboards are useful because you can cater each one to fit your need. As an example, let's say you want to create a dashboard that has KPIs from all the other sections. This dashboard helps by giving you a high level view of each Webex service all in one place so you can compare them, and you save time by not having to click into each section one by one. If you notice that the data for one of the KPIs look off, then you can drill down to the relevant section and troubleshoot from there.