August 01, 2023 |
127284 view(s) |
519 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Make someone else the meeting host
Hosts of a Webex scheduled meeting, Personal Room meeting, or enhanced meeting associated with a space who join the meeting from Webex App can make someone else the host. Maybe you have to leave the meeting early or want someone else to manage the meeting controls while you're speaking or presenting. You can transfer the host role to anyone who joined the meeting from Webex App, Webex Meetings, or an unpaired Cisco Webex room device.
Webex scheduled meetings and Personal Room meetings
When you make someone else the host, you're letting them:
Add or remove people
Mute or unmute people
Lock or unlock the meeting
Record the meeting
End the meeting
If you want to let someone else start a meeting without you, you can let someone else be cohost. If you join later, you’ll become the host automatically.
And if you want to assign someone else as the host when you're scheduling your meeting, see Webex App | Schedule a meeting from the meetings calendar.
Enhanced meetings associated with a space

  The enhanced experience isn't yet available in Webex for Government.
Just make sure the person you want to be the host is someone who's internal to your organization and has an account with host privileges on the site where the meeting is scheduled from.
When you make someone else the host, you're letting them:
Add or remove people
Mute or unmute people
Lock or unlock the meeting
Record the meeting
End the meeting
If you want someone to help you manage the meeting, make them a cohost.

  You can use this feature if your administrator manages your Webex site in Control Hub. Your Webex Meetings account and the account of the person you want to host the meeting must also be linked to your Webex App accounts.
Windows, Mac, and Web
iPhone, iPad, and Android
While in a meeting, you can assign a new host and either stay in the meeting or leave.
To make someone else the host and stay in the meeting, go to the participants list . Then, click More options beside the name of new host and click Make host.
The original host becomes a cohost of the meeting.
To make someone else the host and then leave the meeting, click Leave meeting and then choose Leave meeting. Choose a new host and click Leave meeting.