January 20, 2023 |
14754 view(s) |
42 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Listen to or read your voice messages
No more overlooked voice messages in Webex App. When you have a voice message waiting for you, you see a red badge counter (Message Waiting Indicator) next to your Voicemail (desktop) or Calls (mobile) icon letting you know how many messages you have waiting for you. After you listen to your messages (from the app or your desk phone), the badge counter disappears. And if you have the right setup, you get transcriptions of your voice messages that you can read. You can also call into your voicemail number to set up greetings, send voice messages, and more.
Desktop
Mobile
You do not need a PIN to access voice messages directly in Webex App.
To see what calling service you're set up for, see Webex | Find Out What Calling Service You Have.
1
Go to Voicemail, choose a message, and then listen to the message in one of the following ways:
Right-click the message and choose Play voice message.
Click Play in the window that opens to the right.

  You can also read your voice messages if you're set up with Webex Calling and your administrator turned on transcriptions for you.
If you still don't see a transcription, it could be because of one of the following reasons:
The message was left before transcriptions were made available.
The transcription is still pending.
The message wasn't spoken clearly enough.
The message was left in a language other than English.
You have a few other options at your fingertips: call the person back with audio or video, delete the message, or mark the message as read.
Your voice messages may show one of these indicators:
Exclamation—Indicates an urgent, important voice message.
Key—Indicates a private voice message. You cannot forward private messages to other people.
Lock (Unified CM only)—Indicates a secure voice message. Each time you play the message, it is downloaded and then the local file is deleted when you're finished.
2
After you listen to a message, you can send it to your Trash folder, if you're set up with Calling in Webex App (Unified CM). Right-click the message and choose Delete. If you need to recover the message because you accidentally deleted it, go to your Trash folder, right-click the message, and then select Recover.

  If you don't see the Voicemail option in Webex App, it means that your administrator hasn't set up your voicemail in this way. But, you can click Call Voicemail and follow the prompts to listen to your messages. You can also access more voicemail features, such as creating a personalized greeting, sending a message, and more. You need a PIN to access these features—use the set up PIN procedure or contact your administrator if you can't create a PIN.