May 09, 2023 |
164973 view(s) |
200 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Connect your Microsoft Outlook account
You can connect your Microsoft Outlook account with Webex App to make it easier for you to collaborate with your colleagues. In Outlook, you can check the status of someone in the app, send them a message, or start a call.
Windows
Mac
The type of Webex App account you have determines how you can integrate it with Microsoft Outlook.
Free Webex App account—You see the Microsoft Outlook option in your Settings where you can turn it on, if you're an administrator on your computer.
Paid Webex App account—Your administrator needs to enable the Microsoft Outlook integration. You don't need to do anything and you'll see statuses in Outlook and be able to call and message your contacts from it.
See Enable Webex App users' status to display in Microsoft Outlook
What You Need
Webex App for Windows
Windows 10 or later
Microsoft Outlook 2016 or later
Microsoft Office 365 (version 16.0.9001 or later)

  New Outlook for Windows doesn't support Outlook presence integration with Webex App.
Before You Begin
If you have a free account and you have administrator rights on your computer, in Webex App, click your profile picture. Then select Settings > General > Show Webex availability in Microsoft Outlook, and click Ok.
Avoid Conflict with Other Apps
Only maintain one app that integrates with Outlook for status. Having more than one app integrated with Outlook can cause conflicts. Before you integrate Webex App with Outlook for status, quit any other instant messaging apps that you use on your computer that connect to Outlook for status integration.
There’s a known issue with Skype for Business deployments. When you have more than one app registered to connect to Outlook for status integration, this can cause Skype for Business to crash. If you experience this issue, we recommend that you only maintain one app registered to Outlook for status integration, and then uninstall, or reinstall Skype for Business.
See People's Status in Outlook
Anywhere that you see someone's name or avatar in Outlook, like in your meeting lists or your inbox, you also see their status in Webex App. You don't see any status for people that aren't in Webex App.
The status that you see in Outlook comes from Webex App. Here's what the statuses look like in the app and in Outlook:
Get in Touch with Someone in Webex App from Outlook
In Outlook, when you hover over someone's name, their contact card opens with options on how to contact them. The interface may look different depending on the version of Outlook you're using.
Call—Click or click on a number to start a video call in Webex App.

  All calling options in Outlook start a video call in Webex App.
Message—Click to message the person in Webex App. If you don't already have a space set up with them, then we create one for you to send the message.
Message a Group—If you have an email to or from a group email address, you can also send them all a message in Webex App. Click to start a space with the group, where your message will appear.
Outlook Integration Health Checker
Health Checker tests the Windows registry status, which verifies the integrity of your existing registry, the presence status for Webex, and the service status. For more information, see Webex App | Test Your Connection with the Health Checker.