June 01, 2022 |
73378 view(s) |
405 people thought this was helpful
Share motion and video content in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars
When you share your screen or an application, you can improve the quality based on the type of content that you're sharing. By default, sharing is optimized for text and images, providing high resolution for content like documents and slides. However, you can optimize to ensure a higher frame rate when you share things like video, animations, or dynamic applications. You can also share your desktop audio so that everyone can hear the media through the Webex Audio conference.
Optimizing for motion and video requires Webex video platform version 2.0. To find out which version you’re using, see Find your Webex Meetings version number. The feature also requires that your site settings permit joining meetings from video systems. If you don't see the optimization menu, contact your system administrator.
Desktop
Web
iOS
1
Click Share .
2
Select how you want to Optimize your shared content from the drop-down menu:
Automatically Optimize—Chooses the best optimization for your content type.
Optimize for text and images—Displays text and images in your shared content at the highest resolution and clarity possible.
Optimize for motion and video—Plays videos and animations at a higher frame rate for smoother playback.

  If you select Automatically Optimize or Optimize for Motion and Video, Meetings supports up to 1080p quality when sharing motion and video content.
Optimize for 3D—Enhance the quality of 3D content such as CAD and medical imaging in Meetings. This is available by request only.
3
Click the Share your computer audio checkbox if you're sharing a video or animation that has sound. Audio is heard as mono output through the Webex Audio conference, whether they join from a phone, VoIP, or video system.

  Click for sharing preferences in the Share window.
Mac only—Webex prompts you to install audio drivers the first time you share your computer audio. Click Install and follow the on-screen instructions, or select Cancel.
4
Select the screen or application you want to share and then click Share.

  You can change your optimization setting while you're sharing content. Click at the top of the screen, and then select Share Content.