January 18, 2023 |
36590 view(s) |
25 people thought this was helpful
Set up your Webex Calling features
In this article
Learn more about some of the features available in Webex Calling and how to set them up for your organization and users.
Set up a hunt group
Hunt groups route incoming calls to a group of users or workspaces. You can even configure a pattern to route to a whole group.
For more information on how to set up a hunt group, see Hunt Groups in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Create a call queue
You can set up a call queue so that when customers' calls can't be answered, they're provided with an automated answer, comfort messages, and music on hold until someone can answer their call.
For more information on how to set up and manage a call queue, see Manage Call Queues in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Create a receptionist client
Help support the needs of your front-office personnel. You can set up users as telephone attendants so they can screen incoming calls to certain people within your organization.
For information about how to set up and view your receptionist clients, see Receptionist Clients in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Create and manage auto attendants
You can add greetings, set up menus, and route calls to an answering service, a hunt group, a voicemail box, or a real person. Create a 24-hour schedule or provide different options when your business is open or closed.
For information about how to create and manage auto attendants, see Manage Auto Attendants in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Configure a paging group
Group paging allows a user to place a one-way call or group page to up to 75 target users and workspaces by dialing a number or extension assigned to a specific paging group.
For information about how to set up and edit paging groups, see Configure a Paging Group in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Set up call pickup
Enhance teamwork and collaboration by creating a call pickup group so users can answer each others calls. When you add users to a call pickup group and a group member is away or busy, another member can answer their calls.
For information about how to set up a call pickup group, see Call Pickup in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Set up call park
Call park allows a defined group of users to park calls against other available members of a call park group. Parked calls can be picked up by other members of the group on their phone.
For more information about how to set up call park, see Call Park in Cisco Webex Control Hub.
Allow users to barge in to other people's phone calls
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and then select the user you want to modify.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-User Permissions, and then select Barge In.
3
Turn on Barge In, choose whether you want to make the ongoing call a conference call.
Allow others to add themselves to this user’s calls.
Play a tone when someone barges into a call.
Then click Save.
Prevent someone from monitoring a user's line status
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select the user you want to modify.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-User Permissions, and enable Privacy.
3
Choose the appropriate Auto Attendant Privacy settings for this user.
Allow this user to be dialed by extension
Allow this user to be dialed by first or last name
4
Check the Enable Privacy check box. You can then decide whether to block everyone by leaving the Search user by name field empty or choose who can monitor this user's line status.
Using the executive example above, you'd search for the name of their administrative assistant.
5
Click Save.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to manage privacy settings for a user in Control Hub.
Monitoring List - Other Users and Call Park Extentions
The maximum number of monitored lines is 50 but you should consider bandwidth. The maximum may also be determined by the number of line buttons on the user's phone.

The monitoring service only works with a user's primary device.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users, and select the user you want to modify.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-user Permissions section, select Monitoring.
3
Choose from the following:
Add Monitored Line
Add Call Park Extension
4
Choose whether you want this user to be notified about parked calls, search for the person or call park extension to be monitored, and then click Save.

  The monitored lines list in Control Hub corresponds with the order of monitored lines that show on the user’s device. You can re-order the list of monitored lines at anytime.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to manage monitoring settings for a user in Control Hub.
Play Call Bridge Warning Tone for Users
Enable the call bridge warning tone for users who have shared lines configured.
Before you begin
You must have the shared line configured for the call bridge to be invoked. See how to configure shared lines before you enable the call bridge warning tone to play.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users and then select the user you want to modify.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-user Permissions, and click Call Bridging Warning Tone.
3
Turn on Call Bridging Warning Tone, and then click Save.

  By default, this feature is enabled.
For more information on call bridging on a MPP shared line, see shared lines on your multiplatform desk phone.
For more information on call bridging on a WebexApp shared line, see shared line appearance for WebexApp.
Turn on hoteling for a user
Enabling hoteling for a user allows them to work in another space while maintaining the functionality and features of their main desk phone.
1
From the customer view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Users and then select the user you want to modify.
2
Select Calling, go to Between-user Permissions, and click Hoteling.
3
Turn on Hoteling, and then click Save.
Example
Want to see how it's done? Watch this video demonstration on how to configure hoteling in Control Hub.