January 20, 2023 |
25765 view(s) |
18 people thought this was helpful
Batch Import and Export Webex Users in Webex Site Administration
You can bulk import and export users to and from your Webex site using multiple methods.
Batch Import and Export Users Options
You can add or modify multiple user accounts simultaneously, by using a spreadsheet file in the comma-separated values (CSV) format.

  We recommend that you import a maximum of 2000 users at a time. Importing more than 2000 users will take a longer than expected time.
Option
Description
Import
After you select a .csv file, click this button to upload the file to Webex Site Administration. Webex Site Administration uses the information in the file to create user accounts.
Export
Click this button to export users from Webex Site Administration. You receive an email notification when the request is complete.
Export Active Users Only
Click this button to export only active users from Webex Site Administration. You receive an email notification when the request is complete.
Export Inactive Users Only
Click this button to export only inactive users from Webex Site Administration. You receive an email notification when the request is complete.
Support E.164-format phone numbers in reports
Check this box to export phone numbers as [+][country code][phone number with area code], e.g. +11231234567.

  When you check this box, the PhoneCntry and PhoneLocal columns are removed and replaced with PhoneNumber.
Abort
Click this button to end an import or export job.
Add or Edit Multiple User Accounts
You can import a CSV (comma-separated values) with new account information to add, or to edit multiple user accounts simultaneously. You export the user account information to a CSV file and then use a spreadsheet program such as Microsoft Excel to add or edit the information. After you complete all the changes, you import the CSV file back into Webex.

  If you specify any user accounts incorrectly, Webex Site Administration cannot create those accounts. Webex Site Administration generates a list of accounts that it was unable to create and cause for each error.
After you upload the CSV file, you can change the information by editing the accounts in Site Administration.
If you create new users through the import process, you can use either "****" to generate a new random password or use a valid password. Passwords must meet the password criteria and password options specified in the site settings. You cannot leave the password field blank. If you use "****", users must change the random password the first time they log in.
1
Sign in to Webex Site Administration and go to Users > Import/Export Users. Then click Export.

  To export phone numbers in the E.164 format, check the Support E.164-format phone numbers in reports check box.
The page refreshes with the message that your batch export request is received. You receive an email notification when the request is complete.
2
Select OK.
The page refreshes to show the status of your export job and the request number for the job. You can stop the export by selecting Abort.
3
On the Import/Export Users page or in the email notification, select Download exported csv file, and then click Save.
4
Navigate to the location, to which you want to save the file, enter a name for the file, and then click Save.
5
After the download completes, on the Download a CSV file window, select Close Window. Use a spreadsheet program, such as Microsoft Excel, to edit the file.

  Microsoft Excel removes the leading zeros from all number codes when you open or save a CSV file. For workaround instructions, see the Open a CSV File in Microsoft Excel and Keep the Leading Zeros and Save a CSV File in Microsoft Excel and Keep the Leading Zeros sections.
6
On the Import/Export Users page, click Import.
7
Click Browse, navigate to the CSV file, and then click Open.
8
Select the Delimiter type and then click Import.
9
Carefully review the information in the table to verify that you specified it correctly, and then click OK.
You receive an email notification when the request is complete. Click the link in the notification email and carefully review and verify the information. If Webex Site Administration reports errors, download the file to your computer, correct the errors, delete the last column, labeled Comments, and then import the file again.
Open a CSV File in Microsoft Excel and Keep the Leading Zeros
1
Open a new, blank Excel workbook, and click the Data tab.
2
In the Get External Data category, select From text.
3
Browse to the location of the CSV file, select the file, and then click Import.
4
Under Original data type, select Delimited, and then click Next.
5
Under Delimiters, check Tab, and then click Next.
6
Under Column data format, choose Text.
7
Under Data Preview, select all of the columns.

  Select the first column, hold Shift, and then click the last column.
8
Click Finish.
9
In the Import Data window, choose where to place the data, and then click OK.
Save a CSV File in Microsoft Excel and Keep the Leading Zeros
1
With the CSV file open in Excel, select the cell or range of cells that you want to format.
2
Select the Home tab.
3
In the Number group, click the Number Format () icon.
4
In the Format Cells window, select the Number tab, and select Custom from the category list.
5
In the Type box, enter the number format, such as 000-000-0000 for a phone number.
6
Click OK.
7
Select the File tab, choose Save As, select the location to save the CSV file, and in the Save As window, click Save.
Status of Your Import or Export
It can take a considerable amount of time to batch import or export. There is an Export and Import summary page that displays the status of the import or export. Batch jobs are placed in a queue and are run approximately every 5 minutes. The page is displayed after the export or import command has been selected and a file chosen. To refresh the status page, select the Import/Export Users link on the navigation bar. When an export job finishes, the status page displays a link to download the exported file. The person who requested the batch job receives an email when the job is complete. The message has several important pieces of information:
A message that your export or import request is complete.
A summary of the results
A link to download the actual imported or exported CSV file, if it was successful.
A link to view the error log, if any, for the job.

  If the export or import request is complete, but the exported CSV file or error log file is not ready, a message notifies you that your file isn't finished downloading. The download link doesn't appear until the file is ready.
Batch imports and exports may not complete in the order that they were run.