December 09, 2020 |
24322 view(s) |
16 people thought this was helpful
Known Issues for Cisco Webex Meetings
If you're experiencing an issue with meetings in Webex, check to see if it's something that we already know about and have a recommended workaround.
Joining Meetings and Meeting Experience
When sharing a single application with others, sometimes the shared content isn't visible if the windows of other applications are placed on top of the application being shared.
When people selected the Don't connect audio setting before joining a meeting, the audio connected to the meeting.
Workaround: Choose the Use computer for audio setting, click Mute and then join your meeting.

We're working on a solution for this issue and expect it to be resolved soon.
When you let people into a meeting from the lobby in Webex, you are brought to the people list in the main Teams window, instead of the meeting pop-out window.
If you try to reassign the host role in a meeting in Webex, you are brought to the people list in the main Teams window, rather than the meeting pop out window.
Only the first 25 people to join a meeting in Webex can wait in the lobby, regardless of how they joined the meeting. Others see a message that the meeting is full.
After the first 25 people join a Webex meeting from the Webex app, anyone else who joins from the Webex app won't be visible in the People list in the Webex, on a Webex room or desk device, or on a Webex Board. As a result, additional issues may occur:
Everyone will be able to hear the additional participants talk during the meeting, but their names won’t appear on the screen.
If the meeting host joins from Webex, they won't be able to mute, unmute, admit, or remove any of the additional Webex participants.
If a Webex or Webex meeting invite includes a group email list or group mailer as a recipient, the people in the group email list won’t see their meeting in their meetings list and won’t receive meeting notifications for it, even when they have the Cisco Webex Hybrid Calendar Service enabled.
Workaround: Invitees who are part of the group email list or group mailer can accept the meeting invitation and send their acceptance back to the meeting organizer or host. Or the organizer can expand the group email list or group mailer before sending the invite.
If you join a meeting by entering the video address into a Polycom RealPresence video conferencing system, you may experience problems viewing content shared by people using Webex. You may see low-resolution versions of what's shared or no content at all.
If you declined a meeting but didn’t send the reply to the meeting organizer or host, the meeting will still appear in your meetings list and you will still receive a meeting notification.
People who start or join a single meeting from both Webex and the Webex app will show up twice in the participant list in the Webex app.
When you let people into a meeting from the lobby, you’re brought to the people list in the main Webex window, instead of the meeting pop-out window.
If you try to reassign the host role in a meeting, you’re brought to the people list in the main Webex window, rather than the meeting pop-out window.
Scheduled meeting notifications and Join buttons that appear at the top of the meetings and messages lists before the start time are not supported for the following situations:
Meetings associated with spaces of more than 75 people.
Meetings where the body of the invite contains more than one link to join the meeting.
Meetings that have a video address in the format sip:username@domain.com or sip:number@domain.com in the meeting's Location field, but are not Webex or Webex team meetings. Attendees do receive a Join notification if those video address formats appear in the meeting body.
When you connect Webex to a Webex Board, or a Webex room or desk device to join a meeting in Webex:
You aren't notified on the device that there are people in the lobby waiting to join the meeting. You are notified in Webex.
You can't mute or unmute people or remove people on the device, you can from Webex.
When the meeting is locked, the lock indicator isn't shown on the device, you can view the lock indicator in Webex.
People who are waiting to join the meeting don't show in the People list on the device, you can see people waiting to join in Webex.
The People list doesn't show who is actively speaking.
If you are in a meeting on a Webex room or desk device, or paired to one, you won't be unmuted if the meeting host or a meeting participant selects unmute all.
If you are muted, while paired with an on-premises device and then lose your connection, the Webex desktop app will not reflect the mute state on the device.
Issues using G Suite for Google Calendar:
If you invite someone to a meeting who isn't using G Suite for Google Calendar, when that person clicks the link to join the meeting from the calendar invite, they see a redirect page, and then have to click another link to join the meeting.
If you declined a meeting, the meeting will still appear in your meetings list and you will still receive a meeting notification.
First-time users who were recently enabled for the Hybrid Calendar Service may experience a delay in seeing their meetings in their Webex meetings list.
If you convert a single meeting to a recurring meeting, you'll see two instances of the meeting in the meetings list and you'll also see two meeting notifications.
Meetings sent from meeting organizers who are using G Suite Google Calendar and who are not enabled for the Hybrid Calendar Service will not appear in the Webex meetings list and attendees will not receive join notifications.
For Webex on iPhone and iPad, Android, and Web, the Call and Meetings activities on the activity menu are not yet enabled for spaces with 26 to 75 people. For spaces with more than 75 people, you’ll see the Call and Meetings activities on the activity menu, but you won’t be able to use them.
For Webex on Web:
During a meeting, your connection might drop if you're experiencing issues with your network.
Workaround: Refresh the browser and make the call again.
You can't currently share content during your meeting when using Safari.