January 20, 2023 |
17509 view(s) |
12 people thought this was helpful
Where is the Webex enterprise trials program available?
Webex enterprise trials are available from our certified Webex partners who sell Webex in many countries and regions. Our partners can create trials for customers that include Webex services. In certain countries and regions, trials can also include Cisco-provided devices. Customers can convert their service trial at any time during the trial period to a paid Webex service.
For a complete list of where you can sell Webex, see Where is Webex Available?.
Webex enterprise trials with devices and licenses
Webex Enterprise Trials with devices includes room devices and phones. Devices are available in these countries and regions:
Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States of America.

  Phones are not available to ship to Iceland through this program.
The devices offered globally are:
Cisco IP Conference Phone (MPP Load)—Limit of 4
Cisco IP Phone 7832
Cisco IP Phone 7841
Cisco IP Phone 8845
Cisco IP Phone 8851
Cisco IP Phone 8865
Webex Room Devices—Limit of 1
Webex Room Kit
Webex Room Kit Mini
Customers globally receive room devices from a dedicated pool of trial devices. Devices must be returned by the due date noted in the EULA email. The EULA email includes the demo loan number for the devices. Device loans are a maximum of 120 days (this is with an approved extension). New devices can be purchased, during or after the trial, by placing an order in Cisco Commerce Workspace. If you would like to purchase new devices, we recommend that you place orders for these new devices two weeks before the trial device’s due date. Trial devices cannot be purchased and must be returned. Please see the Return Instructions.

  Due date for devices is not the same as trial end date in Control Hub. Due date is 30 or 90 days from date of receipt of devices. Contact the Webex Enterprise Trials team, at mailto:webextrials_info@cisco.com, if you do not know your due date. Be sure to provide serial numbers and/or Customer Organization ID if you do not know your demo order number.
Webex enterprise trials with licenses only
License only trials of Webex are offered by our Webex partners in countries and regions where room devices for the Webex Trials program aren't available.
The following Webex Services are available for trial:
Webex
Advanced Messaging and Advanced Space Meetings
Webex Meetings Suite
Meeting 1000 user
Event 1000 user
Training 1000 user
Support 5 user
Toll Named User Plus (TNU+)
Webex Assistant for Webex Meetings
Real-time Translation
Webex Calling
Cisco Calling Plan
Cloud Connected PSTN
License-only trials are offered in the following countries and regions:
Country/Region
AJPC
Afghanistan, Antarctica, Australia, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Bouvet Island, British Indian Ocean Territory, Brunei Darussalam, Christmas Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands, Cook Islands, Fiji, Heard Island and McDonald Islands, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kiribati, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Macau, Malaysia, Maldives, Marshall Islands, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nauru, Nepal, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Niue, Norfolk Island, Pakistan, Palau, Palestinian Territory, Papua New Guinea, Philippines, Pitcairn, Samoa, Singapore, Solomon Islands, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan, Taiwan, Thailand, Timor-Leste, Tokelau, Tonga, Türkiye, Turkmenistan, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Vietnam, Wallis and Futuna
EMEAR
Aland Islands, Albania, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Benin, Belarus, Belgium, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cote d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, French Southern Territories, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Gibraltar, Greece, Guam, Guernsey, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Hungary, Iceland, Iraq, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Kenya, Latvia, Lebanon, Lesotho, Liberia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mayotte, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Netherlands, Netherlands Antilles, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Palestine, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Reunion, Romania, Rwanda, San Marino, Sao Tome and Principe, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Serbia, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Slovenia, Somalia, South Africa, Spain, Svalbard and Jan Mayen, Swaziland, Sweden, Switzerland, Tanzania, Togo, Tunisia, Türkiye, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom, Vatican City, Western Sahara, Zambia, Zimbabwe
Americas
American Samoa, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bermuda, Bonaire and Sint Eustatius and Saba, Brazil, Canada, Cayman Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Curacao, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Falkland Islands (Malvinas), Federated States of Micronesia, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Greenland, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Mexico, Montserrat, Nicaragua, Northern Mariana Islands, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Puerto Rico, Saint Barthelemy, Saint Helena and Ascension and Tristan da Cunha, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Martin (French part), Sint Maarten (Dutch part), Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, United States of America, United States Minor Outlying Islands, Uruguay, Venezuela, Virgin Islands (British and U.S.)

  Webex partners may leverage Control Hub to create Webex subscription licenses and provide their own demo devices.
Tell me more
If you're interested in the Webex enterprise trials program, contact your Cisco partner. If you don't yet have a partner, click here to find one. Click here to visit the Webex enterprise trials landing page. To contact Cisco Sales direct, call 1-866-863-3911.