June 30, 2023 |
1559 view(s) |
5 people thought this was helpful
Advanced diagnostics and troubleshooting for your Webex for Government meetings in Control Hub
You can access information about Webex Meetings that can help you pinpoint which meetings users are experiencing problems with and troubleshoot those issues. You can drill down into meetings on a per participant basis and see detailed information about the audio, video, and sharing quality of a meeting. You can even see the CPU usage of the device a participant used to join the meeting. Data is updated every minute so you can diagnose problems as they arise.
View Troubleshooting Data
Search View
Meeting View
Participant View
Live meetings
If you're a full administrator, read-only administrator, or support administrator, you can use the Troubleshooting information that's presented in Control Hub to help you determine the root cause of meeting-related issues faced by your users. We include a powerful Diagnostics section as well, where you can drill down even further into specific meetings that are in progress or that have occurred within the past 21 days. Search for meetings by meeting number, the email address of the host or participants, conference ID, or the name of cloud-registered devices. You can then drill down into participant details, video quality, audio quality, and more.

  Meetings in progress appear at the top of list with an In Progess status.

  Rich troubleshooting data for Webex Events is available for participants who join through the desktop app, otherwise, only packet loss and latency data are available.
Only packet loss and latency data are available for Webex Training sessions.
View Troubleshooting Data
1
From the customer view in https://admin-usgov.webex.com, click Troubleshooting.
2
Use the Search bar to search for a meeting by host email, participant email, meeting number, or conference ID.
By default, you can see reports from the last 7 days, but you can click the calendar icon to specify a specific date for the report. You can search for meetings that happened up to 21 days ago.
The time zone is set according to your profile at the top right corner, but you can change the time zone anytime from the drop-down menu. For example, if a meeting host comes to you with an issue from a meeting that took place in a different time zone, you can switch to that time zone so that you don’t have to do the time conversion.
3
In the search results, select the meeting that you want more information about.