January 18, 2022 |
178504 view(s) |
817 people thought this was helpful
Your Webex Personal Room used with Webex Meetings and Webex App
Your Webex Personal Room is your own virtual conference space.
Your Personal Room is always available and you always know where to find it. Share your link with someone to start an instant meeting with them. A Personal Room includes the following benefits:
Your Personal Room is always in the same place; the URL, video address, and call-in numbers never change.
Participants using video systems or Webex room devices or desk devices can also join if their Meetings account allows them to join meetings from video devices.
A virtual waiting room or lobby where people wait if they try to join your Personal Room meeting ahead of time or you have locked your Personal Room.
Use your Personal Room in Meetings
In Meetings, you can invite people to meetings in your Personal Room:
Share your Personal Room link in messages. Go to the home page of your Webex site and copy your Personal Room URL.
Start Cisco Webex instant meetings with Meet Now (if configured to use Personal Rooms) or Schedule Meeting (from the Microsoft Outlook calendar or Cisco Webex Productivity Tools panel).
Start a Webex Personal Room meeting from your Webex site .
Use your Personal Room in Webex App
If your Webex Personal Room is associated with Webex App, you can use the following Personal Room shortcuts:
You can easily start Personal Room meetings from Meetings without having to enter a host PIN.
You can change your default Webex site from Meetings.
You can add your Personal Room link to a message in the app for an instant meeting with some of the space members.
Your contact card shows your Personal Room link so others can easily join it and you can quickly join someone else's Personal Room .
If you have the Hybrid Calendar, you can add @webex to the Location field of your calendar application to schedule a meeting in your Personal Room .
If your Webex site is managed in Control Hub or is linked to Control Hub, your Personal Room will already be associated with Webex App. If it's not, you can manually associate it in Webex App. For more information, see Set up your Personal Room .