March 03, 2022 |
2259 view(s) |
8 people thought this was helpful
What's New in Cisco Customer Journey Platform (R10)
To learn what's new in Cisco Webex Contact Center, click here.
To learn what's new in Cisco Webex Contact Center 1.0, click here.
What's New
Resolved Issues
03 March 2021
Seamless Customer Upgrade Path from Cisco Customer Journey Platform (R10) to Webex Contact Center
This feature enables customers who use Cisco Customer Journey Platform (R10) to upgrade to Webex Contact Center. Customers who enroll for this feature are provided access to a migration workspace. This workspace has the following key capabilities:
Tenant Configurations: Customers can extract administrative configuration data from their legacy tenant and convert it to a format that can be used to quickly create the same configurations in Webex Contact Center.
Historical Data: After customers have migrated completely to Webex Contact Center and their legacy tenants have been decommissioned, the customers can query analyzer data that was created on their legacy platform.
Call Recordings: After customers have migrated completely to Webex Contact Center and their legacy tenants have been decommissioned, the customers can query and download call recordings that were created in their legacy platform.
For more information, see the article Migrate from Cisco Customer Journey Platform (R10) and Cisco CC-One (R9) Releases to Cisco Webex Contact Center.
20 June 2021
Agent Desktop Enhancement
Support for Google Chrome: The Agent Desktop supports Google Chrome V88.0.4324 or higher. The agents will not be disconnected any longer due to Chrome regulating memory usage for the application.
August 2020
“Do not share PII” Banner on Email Template Configuration Screen
Administrators create email templates for their organization's agents by using the Create Process Article menu option on the Management Portal. On the email template configuration screen, a new banner containing an alert message "Do not share PII, Financial, or Health information in the email content or attachments" is displayed.
July 2020
Stereo Recording
The Stereo Recording feature now provides both the caller's and receiver's audio streams as two separate audio channels within a single recording file. This enables voice analytics, which was not possible in a mono file where the audio is mixed into a single stream.
May 2020
Pause and Resume Feature
An agent can invoke the Pause and Resume recording events from the Agent Desktop during a call. The events are stored in the customer activity record (CAR). The CAR is made available by an API to WFO/WFM providers. If there is a delay beyond the time lapse allowed to resume recording, the Privacy Shield feature auto-resumes the recording.