July 21, 2023 |
6720 view(s) |
15 people thought this was helpful
Webex App | Salesforce integration release notes
Read about the latest software releases for Salesforce integration with Webex App. We document new functionality, bug fixes, and general improvements.

  Webex for Salesforce is now available on Salesforce AppExchange.
1.16.1
July 20, 2023
Webex Download link
Fixes
Login failures occurring because user names were too long have been fixed.
The Edit and Cancel buttons are now always visible to hosts when they are conducting a meeting via Salesforce.
A more specific error message is shown when a host email is mismatched with a Salesforce email rather than the generic "something went wrong."
A campaign member is always created even if the lead or contact is already linked with an existing campaign.
An issue in which permissions were incorrectly applied to Salesforce objects preventing webinar data import has been fixed.
Enabling enhanced domains no longer breaks Salesforce logins.
1.16
June 6, 2023
Webex Download link
New functionality
A Salesforce administrator, while selecting objects for Webinar import, can choose to link those objects as campaign members, if the selected object is either a Lead or a Contact (this option is not available for other object types).
When importing webinar records, Salesforce users are notified whether the lead or contact object will be imported and linked to the campaign as Campaign Members or Webex Webinar Campaign Members or both.
In the Salesforce Campaigns tab, Webex Webinar Campaign Memberships is now renamed to Webex Webinar Campaign Members to align with the Salesforce out-of-the-box Campaign Members panel.
Fixes
Salesforce event consumption has been optimized, allowing the handling of heavier call volumes.
Webinar import failure handling has been improved.
1.14
May 2, 2023
Webex Download link.
Bug Fixes
Security
The message channel exposure is now limited within the Cisco managed package.
The session ID has been replaced with an authorization token.
The View All permission has been removed from Salesforce Campaign objects.
Optimized the query for retrieving namespaces.
Fixed the component load failure issue that could occur when initializing the moment libraries.
The Inbound and Outbound notifications and call log windows now appear as expected for PSTN calls.
1.12
September 29, 2022
Download link
New functionality
Access upcoming and past Webex Webinars for which the user is the host.
Import Webex Webinar invitees, registrants, or attendees to Salesforce as contacts, leads, or any custom objects.
Link imported records to Salesforce campaigns.
General improvements
Enhanced metrics instrumentation to support new Webex Webinars functionality and capture package versions, enabling Cisco personnel to more effectively assist with troubleshooting customer issues.
Optimized platform event usage in Salesforce.
1.10
March 24, 2022
Bug fixes
Fixed login issues
1.9.3
March 22, 2022
This build is temporarily unavailable because of a potential high-severity issue. This is currently under investigation. We recommend that you upgrade to version 1.10 instead.
New functionality
Added a new access token refresh engine
Enhanced admin tab error messages
Enhanced meetings retrieval engine
Bug fixes
Improved performance when the space information icon is clicked
Fixed minor chat bugs
Fixed potential meeting duplicates in the Link a Meeting component
Fixed potential issue preventing users from signing out of Webex
Excluded Webinars from appearing in the Meetings and HomePod components
Fixed a Space Notifications bot issue causing test methods to fail
1.8.4
February 2, 2022
New functionality
Added instrumentation of metrics for remote serviceability—Cisco support personnel are now able to remotely assess functionality, performance and more effectively assist with troubleshooting customer issues.
Improved functionality to link and unlink a past meeting to or from any object—It is now possible to retrieve meetings from a user calendar that took place during a custom time interval and choose one or more of such meetings to associate with the current object (both standard and custom). Past meetings associated with an object show up in the Past Meetings tab of the Webex Meetings layout component.
Bug fixes
Fixed issues with inbound and outbound calling
Improved overall stability
Fixed minor UI issues
Known issues
A high-severity issue is affecting this build and it's now temporarily unavailable. If you are already using this version, we recommend that you upgrade to version 1.10.
Ensure that the Salesforce release update Enable Secure Static Resources for Lightning Components is disabled. Go to Setup > Release Updates in Salesforce to check. This update can cause the Webex components in Salesforce to become unresponsive and cause missing fonts and icons.
1.7.0.11
December 8, 2021
Download link
New functionality
Link an Existing Meeting—Potential to link a past meeting to a Salesforce Object
Webex Notification bot—Support for bulk records updates
Bug fixes
Fixed issues with inbound and outbound calling
Fixed issues with Make a call functionality
Fixed issues with Webex Notification bot—Lookup Fields can be added in Notification message
Fixed issues with timezone for Link an Existing Meeting functionality
Fixed issue with Unlink/Cancel Webex meeting that was not deleting the associated Salesforce Event
Link an Existing Meeting—The list of available meetings is now filtered by meeting start date
Fixed minor UI issues
1.6.1
November 4, 2021
Download link
New functionality
Webex user to Webex user video/audio calls support
Broadcast Salesforce Objects updates to related Webex spaces
Redesigned Webex Admin Screen
Improved Chat experience
Bug fixes
Fixed issues with inbound and outbound calling
Enhancements on Salesforce Objects Sharing and Security settings
1.5.1
October 13, 2021
Download link
New functionality
Autofill Webex space with case details
Create a new case related to a call and add users (Salesforce users and contacts)
Scheduled a meeting with case members
Bug fixes
Fixed an issue when you try to update from a previous package version. If you installed 1.5 successfully, you don't need install 1.5.1.
General improvements
Activity tab—Shows previous calls with a specific number.
More info tab—Shows records related to a specific contact.
Inbound calls enhancement—If status is set to do not disturb in Webex, incoming calls won't notify that user in Salesforce.
1.4
August 19, 2021
Download link
No release notes for this maintenance release.
1.3.0-16
August 3, 2021
Download link
New functionality
Ability to save a meeting as a Salesforce Event
Ability to start an instant meeting directly from Salesforce
Check calendar availability when scheduling a meeting
Receive Inbound call notifications in Salesforce (using local Webex app)
Execute Outbound calls from Salesforce (through local Webex app)
Log Inbound calls as a Salesforce Task
Log Outbound calls as a Salesforce Task
Bug fixes
Search Optimization
Database Structure fixes
Database Query Structure fix
User Interface alignments
Webex API search
General improvements
Improved Chat experience
Backend improvements
Support for Salesforce organizations that have salesforce encryption activated
Salesforce search optimization
Webex Admin screen enhancements