May 11, 2023 |
74 view(s) |
0 people thought this was helpful
Answer a call for your hunt group
Answer an incoming call that is shared within your hunt group. A hunt group is group of lines that share the call load.
Hunt groups allow organizations that receive many incoming calls to share the call load. Your administrator sets up a hunt group with a series of directory numbers. Phones ring based on the hunt sequence that your administrator specifies for a hunt group. If you are a member of a hunt group, you can sign into a hunt group when you want to receive calls. You sign out of the group when you don't want calls to ring on your phone.
Depending on how hunt groups are configured, you may see the following information displayed on your phone screen:
Caller ID (If configured)
The line that receives the hunt group call
The directory number of the hunt group
The hunt group pilot number.
Before you begin
You must sign into the hunt group to receive hunt group calls.
When a hunt group call rings on your phone, answer the call.

  You can't decline the hunt group call. If you want to silence the ringer, tab Ignore.
Sign in and out of a hunt group
Sign into your hunt group to receive calls to the hunt group.
When you are not available to take calls, sign out of your hunt group to stop receiving calls from it. You can still receive calls placed directly to you.
The hunt group setting applies to all lines.
Before you begin
Your administrator has configured your hunt group.
Do one of the following actions that is applicable to your phone settings:
Tap Hunt group in to sign into the hunt group.
Tap Hunt group out to sign out of the hunt group.
Tap the Hunt group toggle to sign in or out of the hunt group.
After you sign in the hunt group, the toggle shows as together with All lines status information.
After you sign out of the hunt group, the toggle shows as .
View the call queue in a hunt group
You can use the queue statistics to check the status of the hunt group queue. The queue status display provides the following information:
The phone number used by the hunt group
Number of queued callers on each hunt group queue
Longest waiting time
1
Tap Queue status .
2
Tap Update to refresh the statistics.
3
Tap to exit the screen.