November 14, 2022 |
6355 view(s) |
11 people thought this was helpful
Q&A in Slido
Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars hosts can engage participants using a live Q&A session with Slido during a meeting or webinar. Find out what you can do with Q&A as a host or participant.
Slido is available in Webex Meetings and Webex Webinars. You can use Slido in Webex Meetings on version 41.6 and later sites, and in Webex Webinars on version 41.9 and later sites. Slido polls and Q&A in webinars are available for up to 10,000 attendees, while quizzes are available for up to 5,000 participants.
By default, Q&A is turned off in Slido. Meetings and webinars hosts need to turn it on.
During a Q&A session, participants can send in questions live. Hosts and, optionally, participants can reply to the questions.
Meetings and webinars hosts can add a guest collaborator to help them moderate, reply to, and manage Q&A sessions. Go to https://www.slido.com, click Log In > Log in with Webex, and enter your Webex username and password. During the meeting or webinar, cohosts and panelists can ask for the access by clicking Apps > Slido > Request access.
Hosts can choose to review and approve questions before they're made visible to all participants or questions can automatically appear live, visible to everyone.
Questions can be asked and replied to anonymously or by name. The host won’t be able to identify participants if they submit a question anonymously.
Participants can vote for their favorite questions to ensure that the most popular ones get a reply. Hosts can filter and sort the questions to address the most relevant ones.
Hosts can make the Q&A session more organized by categorizing the questions with labels.
Hosts
Turn on the Q&A feature
Moderate questions
Reply to, archive, and restore questions
Highlight questions
Add labels to questions
Filter and sort questions
Share an announcement during a Q&A session
Close a Q&A session to more questions
Participants
Ask a question
Reply to or vote for a question
Known issues and limitations
Learn about known issues and limitations for Slido in Meetings.