August 09, 2019 |
13373 view(s) |
11 people thought this was helpful
Provisioning and Subscription Statuses in Cisco Webex Control Hub
In this article
You can use Control Hub to manage your customers and see which services or subscriptions you must follow up on.
Provisioning Status Details
The Provisioning Status column in the Customers tab tells you which services need your attention. If a subscription has multiple services, the status of the service that's most important is shown in the column.
Provisioned—The service set up is successful, and you can now assign service licenses to your users.
Provisioning—The service is being set up for your organization to use.
Manual Provisioning (Cisco)—The service is waiting for Cisco to complete the service set up.
Manual Provisioning (Partner)—The service is waiting for your service provider to complete the service set up.
Awaiting Provisioning Details—The admin of your organization has to complete the service set up in Control Hub to start the provisioning process.
Unable to Provision—The service encountered an error during the set up. Contact Cisco Support for more help.
Subscription Status Details
The Subscription Status column tells you if a customer's subscription is active, if it's a trial account, if it's about to expire, or if it has been suspended.
Active—The customer has an active subscription.
Suspended—The customer hasn't paid for or renewed their subscription.
Expires within 30 days—The customer's subscription expires within 30 days.
Expires within 60 days—The customer's subscription expires within 60 days.
Trial Active—The customer has an active trial.
Trial Expires within 30 days—The customer's trial subscription expires within 30 days.
Trial Expires within 60 days—The customer's trial subscription expires within 60 days.
Trial Expired—The customer's trial has expired.
Filters for Provisioning and Subscription Status
You can set filters to see the statuses of customers that need your attention. Filters include all customers who have at least one subscription status that matches what you select.
1
From the partner view in https://admin.webex.com, go to Customers.
2
Click Select a filter....
3
Select the filters that you want to see.