April 21, 2023 |
151388 view(s) |
1397 people thought this was helpful
Best practices for secure meetings: hosts
Learn about how to keep your Webex meetings, webinars, events, and training sessions secure for you and for your guests.
You can drill down into meetings or calls per participant, and see detailed information about their audio, video, and sharing quality. Data is updated every minute for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex, so you can diagnose problems as they arise. Data for Webex Calling is updated at the end of each call.
Overview of Webex security
The Webex Meetings Suite helps enable global employees and virtual teams to meet and collaborate in real time as though they were working in the same room. Businesses, institutions, and government agencies worldwide rely on Webex. Webex helps to simplify business processes and improve results for sales, marketing, training, project management, and support teams.
For all organizations and their users, security is a fundamental concern. Online collaboration must provide multiple levels of security, from scheduling meetings to authenticating participants to sharing content.
Webex provides a secure environment that you can configure as an open place to collaborate. Understanding the security features as site administrators and end users can allow you to tailor your Webex site to your business needs.
For additional information, see the Webex security technical paper.
Best practices for hosts
As a host, you’re the final decision maker concerning the security settings of your meetings, events, webinars, and training sessions. You control nearly every aspect of the meeting, event, webinar, or training session, including when it begins and ends.
Keep your meetings and information secure. Know and follow the security policies for your organization. Follow security best practices when you schedule a meeting, during a meeting, and after a meeting.

  Use Meeting Lobby and Auto Lock controls when available.
Don’t publish passwords to publicly accessible websites.
Don’t share your Audio PIN with anyone.
Provide meeting passwords only to users who need them.
Never share sensitive information in your meeting until you’re certain who is in attendance.
Secure your Personal Room

Secure scheduled meetings




Security during the meeting


Security after the meeting
Personal conferencing for hosts