April 21, 2023 |
23149 view(s) |
65 people thought this was helpful
Schedule, start, and join Webex Meetings in Microsoft Teams
You can schedule, start, join, cancel, and more from the Webex tab and the command box.
Webex Meetings app commands for Microsoft Teams
You can drill down into meetings or calls per participant, and see detailed information about their audio, video, and sharing quality. Data is updated every minute for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex, so you can diagnose problems as they arise. Data for Webex Calling is updated at the end of each call.
Webex Meetings app commands for Microsoft Teams

Schedule and manage meetings
You can drill down into meetings or calls per participant, and see detailed information about their audio, video, and sharing quality. Data is updated every minute for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex, so you can diagnose problems as they arise. Data for Webex Calling is updated at the end of each call.
Schedule a Webex meeting from the Webex Tab



View upcoming Webex meetings from the Webex Tab
Edit or cancel a Webex meeting from the Webex tab

Schedule a meeting from the messaging extension

Start and join meetings
You can drill down into meetings or calls per participant, and see detailed information about their audio, video, and sharing quality. Data is updated every minute for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex, so you can diagnose problems as they arise. Data for Webex Calling is updated at the end of each call.
Start a Webex meeting from the Webex tab
Send a meeting reminder from the Webex tab
Join a Webex Personal Room meeting or Webex scheduled meeting from the Webex tab
Share a meeting link or schedule a Webex meeting from the command box
Use the messaging extension to share a link to a Webex meeting

Play and share recordings
You can drill down into meetings or calls per participant, and see detailed information about their audio, video, and sharing quality. Data is updated every minute for Webex Meetings and Call on Webex, so you can diagnose problems as they arise. Data for Webex Calling is updated at the end of each call.
Play or share the recording from a Webex Meeting