August 10, 2023 |
39753 view(s) |
219 people thought this was helpful
Know who you're letting into your Webex meeting
If you're hosting a Webex meeting and it's locked, people have to wait for you to let them into your meeting. See whether the person is an internal, external, or unverified participant and choose who you want to let in, and who you want to keep out.
Linux users: This feature is available in Webex App but not in Webex Meetings.
When participants are waiting in the lobby to join your meeting, a notification appears. If the Participants panel is closed, the notification appears in the meeting controls. If the panel is open, the notification appears in the Participants panel.
1
To see who's waiting to join, click the notification.
2
Review the list of participants waiting to join and choose who to admit or remove based on the participant's group and domain name:
Internal—Authenticated participant within the same Webex organization as the meeting host.
External—Authenticated participant outside the meeting host's Webex organization.
Unverified—An unauthenticated participant.

  The domain name displays for authenticated participants and marked as either Internal or External participants.
3
To admit participants, do one of the following:
To admit individual participants, select the check box next to their name and click Let in.
To admit everyone in a specific group, select the check box of that desired group and click Let in.
To admit everyone who's waiting, check Select all and click Let in.
In Webex App, after you admit people, in the Participants panel, the Unverified label displays for unauthenticated participants.

  To move a participant back to the lobby, right-click on their name and select Move to Lobby.
4
To remove participants, do one of the following:
To remove individual participants, select the check box next to their names and click Remove.
To remove everyone in a specific group, select the check box of that desired group and click Remove.
To remove everyone who's waiting, select the Select all check box and click Remove.